# None - Complete Transcripts

Generated: 2026-01-28 00:51
Total videos: 28
Total words: 237,498

================================================================================

## [1/28] Our No-Code Apps Made $50M Using THIS Paywall
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24QMRDXck70
Duration: 43:04
Words: 8,137

Today we're sitting down with Vah Bagdasarian, a man who has run over 10,000 payw wall experiments and helped apps add over $50 million in revenue. He's been behind the scenes on dozens of apps including Calai, Quitter, and Claim. And he knows all the common mistakes founders usually make with payw walls. But the biggest mistake that keeps most apps revenue stuck comes from a common but surprising oversight. You see, his superpower is to look at an app that seems healthy and then tell you exactly how much money they're leaving on the table. There are many examples of apps that are operating with like 811% trust star rate and they're healthy but then they're missing out a lot of stuff that 81% easy in like 90% cases if you have 81% it can easily become like a that number he was about to say is the difference between a good app and a great one. Vi's entire business is built on the idea that you can increase your revenue by $100,000 in a few months without spending a single extra dollar on user acquisition. He's challenging what most people know about building a profitable app. At the end of the day, your goal shouldn't be just to get more users. We all love viral growth hacks, but you also need to fix the leaks [music] in your existing system. And he has some examples that kind of surprised me. We started to work together in April. They had like a 1.1% install to paid rate. So basically from April to September, we got it from 1.1% to close to [music] 4%. In this episode, Vah breaks down his entire playbook for turning a leaky payw wall into a predictable revenue machine. We go deep into the mechanics of multi-step payw walls, highest leverage placements, and advanced tactics that can squeeze max [music] value from the app that you've already built. And he reveals the exact psychological tricks he uses to maximize conversions on a single screen. To maximize the impact of your transaction abandonment payable, offer a free trial, but let users to decide if they want to buy without free trial or without a free trial. [music] If they buy with a free trial, make the price more expensive. If they buy without a trial, make it a bit cheaper. For example, if they were to buy with a trial, make the discount offer like 80%, and if they were to buy without a trial, make the offer 90%. If you're an app founder Focus on Growth, this is the episode that will change how you think about monetization forever. This is the Superall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the Consumer Club Discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their pay walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwall. But one thing you might not know is Superwwell has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own payw wall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pod. People are interested in growth strategies on this channel and we talk about a lot of growth hacks and viral Tik Toks and stuff, but behind a lot of these viral Tik Toks is the payw wall. And like a lot of, you know, big app founders have said that 80% of the effort that you put into building your app should go to onboarding and payw wall because that's where the revenue actually comes from. >> And you've designed the pay walls for a lot of these big apps. Can you zoom out and kind of show us at a high level before we go into each one what are some of the apps that you've designed payw walls for? We work with a very big apps and companies like resume kaii claim revival twitter and many many more. And for today, I just decided to take some of the best practices and the best pay walls we ever created for some of these apps and then show you and explain why these pay walls are the best converting payw walls and what was the thought process and the strategy behind all of these pay walls that we designed for this app. >> I'm curious, what's one thing most app founders today you're seeing are getting wrong with their payw walls? Well, I think the biggest thing that I'm noticing is that kind of u take one concept they see their competitors are using, not even competitors, but other apps are using and they copy the pay wall and it doesn't work for them or it works for a certain to the certain point and then they don't try to improve it. Like I speak with a lot of founders like oh my friend has this pay wall it crashes it. We copy the payroll that their friend have test it and it fails like happens like many many times every week. What's a good benchmark these days for good payw wall conversion rates? And I know there's a few different types of conversion rates that are kind of in the payw wall space. >> I think it really depends on the industry, etc., etc., but like if we talk about trial star rate, I think everything above 15% is good. If you have below 15% trial star rate, you have a lot of work to do. Trial to paid conversion rate, everything above like a 30% is good. If it's below 30% again you have a lot of work to do. That being said there are many examples of apps they're operating with like 81% trust rate with and they're healthy but then they're missing out a lot of stuff that 8 11% easy in like 90% cases if you have 81% it can easily become like a 15%. >> Those two metrics are both for free trials model. So do you also have any uh benchmarks for nontrial >> apps? >> Ideally if you have a lot of users coming from the US if you have like a 10% and above installed to paid rate that's really good. If you have anything less than 4% that's not good. There is a lot of work we can do. Like between like four to 10% it's kind of you are not terrible but you're not great right? you know and if it's like less than 4% then you got to you have problem most probably we got to work to improve that >> you've seen a lot of apps increase revenue 100k in 3 months without getting any new users like just payw wall experiments which a lot of people is counterintuitive like most people think about growth as I need to do better ads or I need to do more organic Tik Toks go viral but if you just fix the conversion rate on your payw walls then that's also revenue growth. So >> yeah, >> um curious like what's the best before and after you've seen in terms of uh fixing up pay walls and increasing revenue? >> We work with this app. It's an enter in entertainment category. They have steady not steady but like the very stable user growth. They're adding like couple probably like a 40 50,000 installs per month. That's like organically. That's the kind of the average. We started to work together in April. They had like a 1.1% install to paid rate. We got it up to 4% in September. So basically from April to September, we got it from 1.1% to close to 4%. And they didn't get new users coming. They didn't invest any paid way. They were they were having the same kind of stable users growth where we're adding like a 40,000ish users per month. And four percent is kind of like the bare minimum that you want for >> Yeah, you you you want to have at least four percent. I mean, maybe a lot of people would say it's fine if it's less or four is not much, etc., etc., but like I I I believe like if you have four and above, you're fine. It's not great, but it's not terrible. >> What are the variables that go into better conversion rates on pay walls? >> If the app offers free trial, there are like two things that you can do here. First you optimize your onboarding payroll where you get like probably most of your conversions and then you think about okay what other placements we can add in the app where we can make the payroll available for the users and convince them to take a trial or convince them that the product is worthy and we have like several placements there. It can be on transaction abandonment like we talked about it a lot. Everybody talks about transaction abandonment but people just just they put one pay wall discount on transaction and say oh this is it but like we did like we did like tons of experiments on transaction abandonment right and try to kind of find what is the best payable for it and what offer should be there. Another placement is a payable on a session start to payable on after doing like a certain actions in the app. If your app have something to do users kind of consuming something for example you have a coin identifier app you scan coins and you see what is the value of it etc. You can present payw wall after each scan or after each certain number of scans etc etc. You can come up with extra offers like somebody takes a trial, cancel trial, they see an offer, somebody cancel subscription, they see another offer. And here it's not just about adding the placements. Adding placement is just bare minimum. Like if we when we take a new customer and we audit and say hey you're missing all of these very important placements we firstly go and add the placements which is the bare minimum and then we start implementing more and more stuff uh to kind of improve uh conversion rate and then we do the experimentation because most of kind of the apps that come to us they lack a lot of like fundamental stuff that is concerned to placements we add those and then we start experimentation process. Let's start with claim. >> We did a lot of work on optimizing their pay walls and coming up with a new payroll strategies to just try to maximize revenue. I just tried to put a few of the pay walls that we did for them that were the most effective and just go through and explaining like what worked the best for these pay walls and why they were the best ones. The first one was in the days initially when a claim was started there were a free trial then we removed it but initially there were a free trial and we had this pay wall there a standard multi-page pay wall we saw you probably saw it like in many places but there's like a lot of tiny details that we got it right about this multi-step pay wall that it works them more effective than in any other kind of a multi-step pay wall. Not mostly like here here where you see oh we want you to try claim for free and we show visually all of the potential settlements that you could possible like losses you could claim a settlement from and to say oh we'll send you notification when your trial is about to end but the real deal is here on a main screen the way you present your offer obviously we have your timeline this is the most common ways but then there are like two very important things here that it works very very well. Firstly, when apps offer a free trial, they don't talk about it a lot in a payw wall. You see apps offering free trial and only in a button in the CTA they say start free trial on only on headline they headline they say start your free trial and believe me just mentioning your product has a free trial one or two times is not enough. You should get into user's head that this product is free. you don't have anything to lose if you just take it right now. And the way you do it, you just mention it as many times as you can or just emphasize that it's like very risk- free. There's nothing to lose. We'll remind you, etc., etc. Like in this example specifically on the first screen, we say, "Okay, try it for free. We are giving it out for free." In a second screen, we say, "We're going to send you a reminder before your trial ends." Right? There's like you will if you forget about it, we'll remind you. And again the button says try for $0. Here we again mention we will send you a reminder when your trial ends. We again we just talk about the same thing. And we have the pay wall here the timeline here that we show to users and explain how their free trial works. Here again we have a free trial as a page on a pay on like a payment card. Another thing we did here this is an annual plan right? This is a yearly plan. We didn't call it a yearly plan. We say try it free and then here we show you actually how your build like $59.99 per year I know it's only $1 per week something like this but we don't tell you it's an annual plan we say it's I mean we explain you this an annual but we don't call it an annual plan we say try it free because it's free and on a CTA again we say try for free just a matter of okay let's convince users and we explain very very simply and detailed this they they have nothing to lose here if they just take the free trial And you probably saw like we mentioned free trial probably like five, seven times throughout all of these three screens. And this is kind of a what you should do if you have an app that offers a free trial. Just mentioning it once or two times in your pay is not enough. Users don't get it. >> I've also seen that people put the length of the trial where you have that rectangle, >> but in this payw wall, it doesn't even say how long the trial is. It just says it above in the three-step process thing. >> Yes. >> And it says it's a 3-day free trial. Yes. >> But in the actual like product selection menu, it just says try it free. 59.99 a year, right? So, you're not even saying really how long the trial is. I think there's something interesting about that psychology because I feel like some people when they see how long the free trial is, the immediate thought in their mind is, okay, I got to can I got to remember to cancel it in 3 days, right? >> Yeah. Exactly. That's a very very valid and important point. Yes. If you if you just mention, oh, it's three day free trial, 7 day free trial. You kind of a lot of people might think, oh, it's too short. What if I forget to cancel? What if like it's not enough for me to experience the product like I'm busy or something like this. Just removing the time constraint from here and be like, don't worry about the time, just focus on the fact this is free. >> So, it's very obvious that it's going to start, but you're just kind of removing that language. I think the language is what people are afraid of. They're not really scared that, you know, they're going to forget. I mean, they're they are scared they're going to forget it, but instead you're just outlining this process of what exactly will happen, which is >> today you're going to start it. In two days, we'll send you a reminder so that you don't forget to cancel if you want to cancel >> and then in 3 days it'll start. >> Yep. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. >> Interesting. What's the percent increase in the conversion rate when you do this style of payw wall versus just immediately doing one screen payw wall where it just says start the free trial now easy from 20 to even 40% uplift like I see many cases happen like 40% but the average is going to go between 20 to 40% uplift >> if we think about the trial start conversion rates. You said like a good conversion rate was 15%. So if someone has like a 10% conversion rate, then they might be able to get up to that 15% u by implementing like a three-step pay wall like this. >> And again, it's not only about the three-step pay wall and how many steps you have. It's also about the nailing the right way of doing this. And like you can go to an app store, download a lot of app, you'll see some of them offers and they have the multi-step pay like we have here right now. But they don't do it right. They might see some sort of uplift or might not see. But the actual uplift you see when you do it right and this is kind of an example of how you do it right when you have a retrial product. >> Okay. You said you could share data for this app, right? So what was the data that you wanted to share? Yeah, we had like a 34% trial start rate. >> 34% Yeah. >> trial start rate for the claim app. That's really good. That's like more than double the the benchmark. Did you do any experiments with that where you were able to see 34% versus some other percent for a different design paywall? >> We moved from free trial to paid app only after doing this test. It was it become we removed the free trial. So it says okay we're going to be completely paid and then we started to do experiments around the paid. >> Interesting. So it was it was already 34% trial start which is really good but then you just removed the trial altogether. >> Yes. >> Yeah. Why did you remove it? >> Because we we started to get like a more revenue without having a trial. We see there is a strong trial to paid conversion rate like what if we just get rid of the trial and try to optimize everything for the purchase. M what was the trial to paid for that? >> Yeah, 50 55%. >> Yeah. So, you moved from a free trial model to just a no trial model and having people pay immediately. What was the I guess what do you look for in an app to make that decision? Is it if you have a really good trial start rate, you should consider uh removing the trial completely because it just shows high intent or are there other things that you look for? There there are few things you need to have a lot of volume of users coming in. This is like a prerequisite like if you don't have a high volume coming in, you will not be able to make a lot of money if you remove your free trial. You should have strong trial start rate but you also need to have very strong trial to paid conversion rate. So everything kind of should be perfect on this like around this three matrix and you could consider oh what if we just remove free trial and see how we can uh work without a free trial and be like a paid only app. Usually you also need to solve very specific problem very pressing thing. Users should be very motivated about it. Like claim app or there's a chance you could claim settlement and make money. Even if you pay the annual subscription if you are eligible for several like settlements and you get paid the app is free because you get your a lot of money that you're entitled to. >> Cool. Show us Kali. >> So we have a few things here like very interesting. I want to talk about another thing which is the discount offers again which the discount offers you can present as an additional placement and it can be when also on transaction abandonment. It can be on opening the app the second time. It can be when you start a free trial you cancel the free trial and next time you open the app you see a discount. But the way the most apps they do it uh is just show some payroll to user that say hey this is 80% off and you just go with it or this is like a 60% off you immediately just discount. So we AB tested like how to present the discount offer the best users and based on the testing the best some of the best ways to do it is to have a the spin wheel logic and the way it works is like you open the app we show you the spin wheel and this there's an animation here it spins and it's going to stop on a discount percentage and then when you stop on a discount percent it says hey you got like 80% off top to get it you click on this button button and this continue button and the next page is going to be your discount. The idea of this is let's try to add some sort of excitement before wanting a money from users and second making it like you did something and you won it, you earned it, now you should claim it. That's really interesting. Yeah, this reminds me of the popups on the desktop websites as well where you go to e-commerce website and then it's a spin the wheel to get your discount. is kind of using I I feel like a lot of app founders don't really use a lot of these tactics that you can just take from other industries. Yeah. >> Because these things just exist all over the place, right? >> Drop shipping, e-commerce just like nailed a lot of kind of how to present discount the best way, how to do the winag, how to encourage user to buy more. There's a lot of stuff we can kind of copy or learn from e-commerce. And that's what I do too. like when we come what's the next thing we're going to test how to optimize this like in many many times I go to Kimu or Shane or something like what what they're trying to do how they're convincing user to buy more and you >> is a great source yeah of uh >> conversion tactics that app is full of >> Yeah that's yeah yeah >> and you see something okay you take okay how can I repurpose this tactic for my app I think you'll get a lot a a great success in doing so. >> That's interesting. I guess to go back to one of the first things you said, which was one of the biggest mistakes that people make when doing their payw walls is they just copy a famous payw wall onetoone and they don't make any other changes. One way to make some other changes is look at successful e-commerce apps like look at Teimu or just look at >> apps in general and take the pieces of it that you like. You like something just don't copy it blindly. I feel like think like okay how this might work for me because like if you see something cool in a utility app and you are a health and fitness app if you just copy it it's not going to work. like people's intentions and like the way they perceive the product and its value are so different between health and fitness products and like a utility products. >> What was the conversion rate increase for this AB test when you do the spin versus just giving them the the discount outright? >> Yeah, I can't mention the exact percentage, but we got like a double digit increase. >> Cool. Nice. You want to go to uh RZ app >> here? We kind of combined a multi-step pay wall compared to something uh the we discussed earlier which is the trial toggle when you change your product or discount or price based on condition if user wants to buy with a free trial or not. So here we have our multi-step payable. The first screen again says we want you to try risk for free just emphasizing the product is free and has a free trial. In the second screen, we try to remove the trial anxiety and we say, "Oh, you would get a reminder two days before your trial ends." Again, trying to work on the trial anxiety. And here we present them the offer. We have some sort of like a visual that explains how the app works. We have some text here showing uh explaining about a product, the features, a value, etc. But the most important part is here. By default, the free trial is enabled. Users buy with a free trial. We have here say 7-day free trial $9.99 per week and users can by default go with it. But what they also can do is turn off the free trial says skip free trial and the price becomes $6.99 per week. They get like $3 off per week by just buying it immediately. you are encouraging more direct purchases like you're trying to capture more demand because everyone is different you know like user you cannot just think about it like everybody is going to be able to pay the same price or going to be interested in the same offer people are different and there's a lot of stuff that influence their like buying decisions or buying power so you need to kind of be a bit creative on your pay walls on okay how can I do this in the best way to capture as much demand as possible And this is like example one of the examples of how you do it where you just do two things smart here. The first you make it feel like the user is in decision of how they want to buy and you encourage them to buy without trial if they go with $6.99. Like if you are not able to afford or you don't want to afford a $10, oh we have like a $7 option too. But the difference with it is not going to come with a trial. You're going to just like straight away purchase it. And the math actually works out perfectly here because you said that a good trial to paid conversion rate is 30%. And here you basically discount >> $3. >> Yeah. >> So you're basically just getting the same amount of revenue per user. You're just changing the way that they >> Yeah. >> uh choose their pricing. So, can you go to the Cal AI transaction abandonment payw wall? Because this one is interesting where you do the same thing as you did with Riz where you toggle the free trial. You can choose whether to get the free trial or not, but for this one, >> there's no discount >> for the free trial. It's just >> the same exact pricing. So, when do you decide to do a toggle that doesn't give you a discount versus a toggle that does give you a discount? >> You got to test this both and see which one works the best for you. So, it it's going to depend on your audience, what kind of users you're attracting to and depends the user intent, etc., etc. Like KAI is it's more a high intent app. Users, they want to kind of uh lose the weight. They're more kind of convinced that they need a product and they want it because many reason. Usually most of the health and fitness products are like this. They the users when they come they have a strong intent to buy. But other for like utility type of apps usually user intent is not super high and you need to further incentivize them to make a purchase or to take a discount. So, Riz app is like you get dating app matches and then it uses AI to give you lines for what to say to your match. You would say that's not as high intent as like losing weight or Yes. Usually like the health and it comes from the industry too like the health and fitness it has a strong kind of intent of user they want to purchase. But another different is not just the intent but also what kind of user demographics you're kind of getting to. Like for the ree app, if you're getting more young people like less than 18 where the like a purching power is not super great, you might kind of find more luck in kind of a discounting based on the trials or >> that makes sense. But >> yeah, >> for Calai like people of all ages want to go to the gym, get fit. So versus Riz app, there's like younger people usually using it. >> My general advice is you test both, see which one works for you the best. Like this are two best practices. Test, see which one works you the best. >> Nice. We have Quitter. >> This is a multi-step pay wall for Quitter. No free trial, just purchase. We have like three page payroll before hitting the prices. And the way it works, we have visual in the first screen that shows the app, how it works, the v some sort of like what they can uh expect after the pay wall and says to break the cycle today. just kind of encouraging users and we show in the second page we showed them more visuals and more stuff from the app what they can see uh or they might see some podcast leaderboard articles some briefing exercise just give users more clue about what they can expect from the app and here this is the last page of the payw wall we put some reviews top apps some real app store reviews but we don't present any prices Here when user click on start my journey today that's when we show them prices and we have annual and monthly options we have some conversion optimization tactic here it says 60% off sale and limited spots remaining this again think about where you saw where you see something like this in e-commer >> yeah e-commerce yeah >> yeah this is another tactic borrowed from e-commerce and then this 60% off is again calculated against the mouth product how much you going to win or save if you go with annual instead of monthly and you have and to further incentivize people. you have oh this like limited this might change and this might change actually like you might offer like a like increase the prices or offer them this different offer etc etc like many ways you can do it like um so kind of a encourages users to kind of more like nudges users towards making a purchase and we have a price anchoring here both presented as monthly like annual is only three uh 333 per month is only like $12.99 per month But here of course we have the full prices and when users so we we show the price anchoring here and then the full price here when user kind of selects a product and then when they click on start my journey today we trigger kind of the purchase. I think the biggest thing that worked for this payw wall is not presenting any prices, any payment option on the main pay wall and make user to click start my journey today to see them. And again like uh and this kind of a has kind of more reasons. One of them is just get user to spend more time on this pay wall on this page before like because when you hit here you expect oh where are the prices or where like where are my options to choose from and then you only see them when you click on start my journey from and then what other thing you can do you just like close this you're still on this pay wall you can look at the reviews and open it up again and when you open this there's no other distracting things for you like the half of the screen is covered now you need to make the is everything is clear. This is annual monthly. This is a the discount off you get nine spots available. Do you want to buy or you don't want to buy? Because like sometimes when you have like a two crowded offer, two crowded pay wall, you have the reviews, it's long form, you have the timeline and below you have the prices, it's kind of hard to focus where to focus like okay this is the prices but there's this thing here this there is thing here. Here we kind of trying to split it. So you perceive all the parts of it like differently. you consume the social proof part of things and then you click on start my journey today to see the prices and everything. One random thing that I've noticed right here is 333 is a very weird number. Like a lot of people do either flat pricing like you know $5 a month or they do like 99 pricing you know $4.99 or 95 or whatever 97 but 333 like what's the reason for is there some weird like consumer pricing psychology that goes into this 333? Not really to be honest. There is like some sort of stuff that like people are you know the 0.99 prices everybody knows that it's like tricky but like it's useful. I I I guarantee in some of in most of the cases if your product says $15 and if you test it against like $14.99 the $1499 results in higher conversion. But what happens is like people have some sort of develop consumer develop some sort of defensibility and know and they know oh they want to kind of trick me for you make the product like a 1499 and if it's a random number it just feels more authentic. >> It does feel more authentic. It's like a real number versus 14.99 it's like it's not even a real number that's just like a price that shows up on commercials and ads. >> Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. That's the whole point. And I like 333 as well because it feels like obviously like the first number is what you see. So it's three. So it feels like $3, but it's actually $3.33. When you multiply that by 12, it's like $39.96 a year. >> Yeah. >> So >> it's actually a pretty good annual price. Like you're getting um >> $40 a year per user, but 3.33 per month, it feels like $3, right? Like if you if you made it $3 per month and you made it$2.99 per month, >> then that would be three times 12 is 36. You get $36. >> But then you're padding it just a little bit with like four extra dollars on the annual, >> which actually makes a big difference, especially if you're doing paid acquisition. Like that $4 gives you a buffer to spend $4 more on every ad. I think you had another payw wall that you wanted to show that's not quite in the meta yet. That's like a little bit interesting. Can we look at that one? I think we discussed this in a claim payroll case when you present your payment option not as a an annual plan or monthly plan but if it has a free trial just call it free and then here you mention the price just again the same way the idea here is to make sure user knows this is free and it's good to explain users and frame it as much as possible around the idea of it being free to make it feel like very effortless to take the the free trial on almost all the other payw walls that you showed, they were they showed the weekly or the monthly or the annual price and it said free trial, but it says the price on it. For this one, you don't even show the price on the product card. >> So that that's like the main difference you would say for this one. >> Yes. >> So could you show what is transaction abandonment and how do you optimize that? Here you see this payroll on the left side which is your main payroll. We have two options like yearly and monthly. Transaction abandonment happens when user clicks on the discontinue button to buy to try to buy the product. Then they cancel out the transaction confirmation dialogue and they don't buy it. What you do immediately after that you hit them with another offer which you can see on your right side. This is a discounted offer. this discounted offer, you usually should only have like annual. You should discount only an annual product. Don't discount weekly. Don't discount monthly. It doesn't work. We tested like a dozens of time. It doesn't work. Have annual discounted. So to maximize the impact of your transaction abandonment payable, offer a free trial, but let users decide if they want to buy without free trial or without a free trial. If they buy with a free trial, make the price more expensive. If they buy without a trial, make it a bit cheaper. For example, if they were to buy with a trial, make the discount offer like 80%. And if they were to buy without a trial, make the offer 90%. Just to incentivize some users to go without trial and get direct purchases. From my experience, like around 10% of users, they will choose to buy without a trial and they will get some direct purchases there. Another option to maximize the impact of this of the transaction abandonment pay walls that we don't have it here but would be to add another product below yearly plan which is monthly or weekly and you don't discount it. Never discount it just to have it there as a secondary or third option for users who don't want to go with any of this discounted annual choices. Just leave it there. very tiny percentage of users might choose to go there. But that would also influence on their decision to buy annual because when they compare the price of the the monthly or weekly to this annual price, they'll see, oh, annual is a great deal. Let's go with annual and they might influence your decision to buy the discounted product. >> Interesting. So on the original payw wall you said so right now without the toggle on it's you're saving 30% off of the monthly plan by doing the yearly but then if you offer a free trial what would the discount be [music] in that case >> on on original paywall nothing you just let users go you can experiment with it it uh it's a it's an also an option we do that in this specific paywall example the price doesn't change if there are some users who just want to buy without a trial, you just let them do it. But like in this particular example that I have on the left hand side, the main pay wall, the price doesn't change. It just allowing users to if you want to buy without it, you are on a controller on how you want to make your payment decision. People want to be in a control of how they want to spend their money or how they want to buy things, right? And we're giving you a choice. Do you want to do you want with a free trial or you don't want like you you decide and you will see kind of a some users who go without a trial but you can the same way as in transaction abandonment you can experiment by trying to change the price based on users will go with a free trial or they will not go with a free trial. >> How do you decide the pricing for these things? Like you know this is 35 a year and $10.99 a month. Is that standard or do you do any >> No, like >> probably depends on the app and the industry, but what's the like range usually? >> Well, there's no right or wrong way. I mean, no, there are like many wrong ways to do it, but there are no single right away to do this. The common way is just to look at your competitors. One of the most common ways you look what are your competitors are charging and you put the same price. There's this is how like a lot of apps are doing it. Another thing if you're like for example doing a lot of UA paid UA stuff and you already have some sort of data on what your C look like what's your row etc etc you can come up with a price point where you are rowas positive like if you keep your kind of a conversion rate stable and this is the price you need to sell your product to be able to be row positive or get a payback period within a month or so. That's one way to do it. Another way is just uh if you have um a product that has like a lot of AI related costs like on scanning etc etc you need to kind of estimate how much it cost you to operate this product for a single user and try to add an additional kind of price to it that you believe this is a perceived value of my product for example my cost per user is let's say it's like $20 per year and I believe there's another like a 20% of perceived value. You add it to that and okay my product is going to be like a $40 per year. You can do all sort of price sensitivity analysis. There are way many one of them is called the price sensitivity matter when you ask user bunch of questions and their price preferences and you do some sort of analysis to understand what is the right place or what is the right price etc. If you're just getting started that's I don't you don't really need to do that. The best way is to just get some sense, right? Just see what your competitors are pricing. What are your costs? What is your UA costs? Just take everything into account. Try to come up with a price that like works the best. That's going to help you to make money. You are able to pay your bills. You are positive on your kind of ads campaigns. When you get the point, then you can start doing price tests. >> Do you see any drawbacks to this? Like do you get more transaction abandons? Like once people hit that, you know, redeem 3 days for zero, the Apple native card comes up and then it says, you know, free trial for 3 days, then $29.99 a year. Are people like, "Oh, shoot. I didn't realize that it was going to be an actual subscription after." And then you're getting a higher transaction abandon. you might get some like a 10% more transaction abandonment but again it's a chance to convert more users on transaction abandonment because uh transaction abandonment payables usually also have a good kind of conversion rate. So the only drawback is like if you have a low trial to paid conversion rate product you might see an increase of refunds or overall drop in your install to paid conversion rate. So in anyways you got to test it. But if you have a strong trial to paid conversion rate let's say above like a 30% I don't think it is going to harm you very significantly you'll see kind of good improvement by kind of renaming your payment cards like this or using this strategy. >> So all all of these you're mentioning like AB test and experiments are all these payw walls and super wall. >> Yeah all of this is just so are built on super wall and are living on super wall. You also mentioned payw wall placements. So most people think of payw wall as something that you put right after the onboarding, but you're saying that you can offer it after each scan or after each like certain user action. What's the best practice on that? Are you just supposed to put it like basically everywhere? >> There are like a few very important placements. Uh I mean transaction abandonment itself is a placement but then there are some other things that like a very important and a high impact. The one is on session start like showing a payable on every session start at least like once per day. If users use your app to do some sort of action like take notes scan products you can show them once every x times they do an action. If you have a premium version of the app and you give away like let's say five scans for free, you can remind them, hey, you're almost out of your scans on your payroll. Hey, subscribe to keep unlimited scans. >> What are some of like quick wins that people can get um if they've just launched and they're getting traction and they just want to do a couple of first experiments? >> Definitely AB tests around like multi-step payables. That's kind of a very good kind of leverage you could have. If you don't have transaction abandonment payable in place, put it there. If you don't have a session start payable, put a session start payable. You don't need to experiment. You just need to build your foundation that you can experiment later. Make sure you cover every possible placement. You don't leave any kind of a money in the table by not having some sort of like a placement. You cover all of this and then think about experimentation. Great. This This was really educational. I learned I learned a ton about payw walls. Um, is there anything else that you wanted to cover here? >> No, I think I think we're good. >> Cool. Nice. Something you might not know. Most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So, you can apply to join consumer club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwwell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwwell.com. We have more videos on the channel, so dig into those to learn from app founders who are willing to share super tactical stuff about app growth.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [2/28] He made $2.2M from building simple apps. Here's how (no-code)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cDIFx4WWD0
Duration: 33:03
Words: 6,227

In about 30 days, we hit a million ARR, did 500K in a month, and we almost all got kicked out of school and sued. >> That's wild. How many views did you get total like lifetime for this one product? >> Around like 220 million views. I made the video, posted it, and 30 minutes later, I looked over at my co-founder and said, "That's it. That video is going to hit at least 10 million views." >> Today, we're sitting down with Dan Quan, the mastermind behind some of the most viral app launches of the past few years. He's built Kunch AI, which hit 500K in revenue from a single viral video. He's launched anime fitness apps that generated 50K a month. And most recently, he built a Dualingo style Bible study app that reached 75K monthly recurring revenue in just 14 days. Dan has cracked the code on turning cultural movements into million-dollar businesses. From riding the wave of student frustration with busy work to tapping into the anime community's obsession with leveling up in real life. But here's what makes this conversation different from other app builder interviews. Dan gets super super tactical about how he spots these cultural waves before they peak. How he creates content that feels authentic while driving massive conversions and his unique approach to what he calls Frankensteining viral content. He even breaks down the psychology behind why certain marketing approaches work, including his us versus them positioning strategy and how he decides whether to build a personal brand or create a movement. Dan walks us through his Tik Tok shop playbook, reveals how he structures deals with content creators, and shares how modern AI coding tools are letting him ship products in weeks instead of months. For those who don't know, this interview is brought to you by Superwall, the all-in-one platform for paywall management and revenue analytics for your mobile apps. I'm your host, Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. Let's get into it. Tell me the story behind Kunch. >> Kunch was actually my first AI startup. Before that, I was doing social media. I was kind of like an influencer and two of my college friends approached me on campus one day asking me to help market their tech startup. I knew nothing about tech but I was kind of itching to get into something new and these guys told me about ChatGpt. It was like the end of 2022, beginning of 23 and the first time I interfaced with ChatGpt, I was like mind blown. I was like I'm going to cheat on all my tests, all my essays. Like that's the first thing I was like I don't need to care about any schoolwork ever again. and they were building a tool called Pandora or chatbt for Google Docs. So, it's a Chrome extension and I started marketing it once to two weeks of videos for them and we did like around 100k views but not many conversions and I just continued to hack away at that point. But what ended up happening was Edward Tien came out with an AI detection tool called GPT0. And the moment I saw that, I looked over to my co-founders and said, "We need to make a bypass tool." And one of my co-founders, Dante, he prototyped it in Figma that same night. And the rest is pretty much history. I continued to make videos for them. I was like the solo UGC creator, kind of face the faceless founder style content. But in about 30 days, we hit a million ARR, did 500K in a month, and we almost all got kicked out of school and sued. That was like March or April 23. >> That is crazy. How did you get that 500K? Cuz it was a big spike, right? >> Yeah. There was this one video that was already going viral for some other AI writing tool startups. Um, it was a video of some kid getting caught in his class. And in terms of the videos, video quality, it was pretty bad. But the sound of the teacher yelling at the kid worked so well with this other video overlay that I found of a teacher telling students like no AI on this test. And so I basically merged those clips together. And that one video did well over a 100 million 150 million views across platforms. I remember the specific day like I made the video, posted it and 30 minutes later I looked over at my co-founder and said that's it. That video is going to hit at least 10 million views and by the end of a day that video on the Tik Tok account alone is at like 15 or 16 million views and then it started getting reposted on X by random accounts. I didn't even know about X or know about uh like Twitter personal branding and whatnot um at that point. But yeah, that's that one video, the one with 30 million views. we were really leaning into the emotion that I myself as a student felt at the time and and many students um that we were assigned so much busy work during school and none of that really even led to a good job and I mean we're even seeing that right now with how many 16 to 24 year olds are are unemployed even now I think this sort of style of storytelling would work incredibly well for any B TOC ad tech SAS. I'm just kind of out of it because most of those uh or most of that ICP is pretty pretty hard to deal with. >> There was this video already going viral. Do you remember how many views like the original hook? >> Yeah, it had like 10,000 likes. Um and it was just the Yeah, it had like 10,000 likes and it was just the overlay video. There was no like on-creen text and the sound was completely different. >> Oh, the sound was different. Oh, so you pulled the So this video was doing well, but there's a different video with a professor like yelling at the students saying like, "No chat GPT." >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And you liked that audio better than the original audio here. So you like put that audio onto this one. >> Yeah. So it feels more like an actual student getting caught in class. Like the whole goal with the best UGC style content is to lean into one extreme like where it where the cringe factor is super high and it feels so much like an ad that like it feels like one of your friends from high school made it or we lean so far into this video feels so real and it's just something that I saw in my snap story. And you could see this in a lot of other videos where we're using like snap style captions which was kind of meta for a while. um not so much anymore, but we can go down a whole laundry list of of how to make content feel natural, but it's often different from what it was a couple months ago. >> I feel like there's kind of a marketing alpha ladder and like everything comes from Snapchat. It's like Snapchat is like real culture and then it kind of bubbles up to Instagram and Tik Tok and then marketers kind of start noticing it and then like the people start adopting the same language. So would you consider this caption like a snap style caption or was that other videos? >> That is definitely like a snap style caption, but if you go to some of the newer videos um which were made by some UGC creators, that's like a snap style caption where it's filmed natively in the Snap app. >> Oh, it's filmed natively. So is it lower quality? >> Yeah, but that's usually not an issue. If if anything, I'd say the lower quality, the more you're leaning into the realistic pillar of a video. >> Like subconsciously, you kind of recognize the lower frame rate and kind of like the the lower pixelation from seeing snap videos or like snap stories. That's so interesting. And then the caption was like, "How the f is this kid acing every exam?" Zooms in and then it's like, "Oh, I'm using this AI website." So, it's like straight up demo. Like I've seen this type of video more lately, like maybe last year, this year. So do you feel like this style of video still works today where I would say I would categorize this as it's sort of the tongue and cheek like it feels like it was made by a kid that built a a side project and they're like, "Hey, here's my thing. It helps you do your homework and and stuff." >> Yeah, I think it still works. Um definitely especially on X. Um, amongst founders, we have people leaning to the extremely professional, high budget. We're talking like mid6igure videos, but there's always still that scrappy element that makes it feel like it's coming from a founder with a real personality. I actually forget which startup it was, but they did a a launch video just using slides, just using Google Slides. I mean, Roy from from Cluey also did um he did like the the billboards in New York, right? Which feels super scrappy. It doesn't even feel like it's something from a VC back founder. >> Yeah. It's just like a white blank with black text. So, that's one style of like really leaning into, hey, this is an ad. It's like obviously an ad, but it's also entertaining. And then there's kind of the more stealth like super native type content. And you also had this 4 million view one Chad GBT just broke university. And then here's a your voice over. know half the assignments you get as students are just busy work. I noticed like also with this 4 million view video and the 30 million you're sort of like building a movement in a way where there's like the enemy which is pointless bureaucracy, pointless memorization of facts and like boring school that feels like prison. [laughter] Um yeah and then >> definitely like >> yeah it's kind of like us versus them positioning. Do you do that with a lot of your marketing? depends on the company. But yeah, I mean this is just standard human desire. Like humans love to gossip, humans love taking sides. Um so anything that's going viral online is often outraging one group. So, if you can either lean into the outrage and act kind of as one of those people in that crowd and the angry crowd and the sad crowd, whatever it is, or lean into the opposing side, whichever side has the larger or louder emotion is what I'd say about that. For example, like when I was working on Tik Tok products, it was more about the small business factor and building a cult around one person. >> And then what happened after that? Yeah, that's kind of where things got a little out of hand being my first startup. Our school basically threatened to sue us. We got a letter of intent, a cease and desist, because we were using their logo on our website and a couple different schools. But we were on the local news around Villanova because some high school students were using Kunch to bypass AI detection. And that word got to our school and Kunch was in our LinkedIn bios at the time. We were a little naive and weren't building in stealth. And yeah, it led to a whole legal battle with their school. >> That's wild. How many views did you get total like lifetime for this one product? >> Around like 220 something million views and we ended at around 2.2 million in revenue. Most of that was all organic. We did test paid but didn't like uh the margins on it. So it kind of just ended up being like a passive passive income stream and we sold the company early this year actually. How was that process of getting acquired? >> It was good. We actually talked to like three or four different buyers since the whole school situation happened. We were just so early at the time that there were definitely people interested considering our margins and numbers. But looking back on it, there were some competitors of ours that would pretend to acquire us and then just basically take info from us. And we just we had no clue. But I think I learned a lot of like the expensive lessons early on with Kunchch. So it has like a special place in my heart just considering it being the first but also all the little mistakes that came along with it. >> Yeah. I wanted to ask you about e-commerce and Tik Tok shop because you said you got started in social media. You've also done viral marketing for Tik Tok shop and e-commerce brands as well. I'd love to hear like what you've done in the e-commerce world and also if you see any overlaps and what app founders can learn from the e-com space. First of all, I'd say it's all the same game. There's no real difference in how you should be thinking about marketing. Obviously, you should have a bit of a different approach, but yeah, my background in ecom actually started when I tried drop shipping when I was like 15 or 16. I didn't really make much money off of it. And then after Kunch, after a couple other different projects, I ended up working on a Tik Tok shop accelerator. It ended up being agents for Tik Tok shop. And we ran with that for about like eight months. He's still running the company, but yeah, we got backed by Science Inc., which is a CPG focused venture studio. And at that point, my good friend, he had uh gotten his shop to number one on Tik Tok and kind of learned the ins and outs of what makes a shop successful there. And that included like affiliate strategy, paid ads, um organic, which is what I was running along with the actual software product and customer support. So all that's like automated with AI just through all the learnings from working with the different brands. Um, our biggest brand was Final Boss Sour, um, which was number one in the food and beverage category for just overall Tik Tok shop revenue. What would you want to know about Tik Tok shop in particular? Are are we considering like the organic strategies, affiliate, paid ads? >> I guess starting from organic, can you share any strategies for getting your first winning formats? because I think a lot of people want to find those, you know, winning short form video formats that get a lot of views but also convert to product. How do you think about that for ecom? >> I guess going back to your first point and mine of how everything is pretty much the same game. The scrappy style content that we saw work well with Kunch actually worked even better with Tik Tok shop brand. The Tik Tok as a platform just boosts the likelihood of normal shop videos going viral in the first place, which is why everyone should be posting shop content if they don't know what to do and they want a side hustle where they're just reviewing products. But some of the best videos that come from affiliates basically just read like Amazon reviews. And then I mean what you're seeing there with Final Boss Hour is founderled content where yes, Final Boss Hour is a VCbacked company. They make millions of dollars a month, but the content feels like it's being shot in the founders's kitchen in their bedroom. We can go down high production style content. There's no problem with that. And that actually does um have its place on Tik Tok shop, but the small business factor combined with there's a couple different pillars that we were using to activate with a lot of our brands. One of the major ones was small business factor and then number two was focusing on like the clearance of your product. So you can often put a flash sale on an item and that automatically boosts both the product and the brand on Tik Tok shop in terms of getting it in front of people on their for you pages. But getting people to convert or the clickth through to conversion rate that is the major factor in um see that's actually a video I made for final boss sour. >> We made way too much sour candy so we're putting it on sale. Not the typical junk you see filled with sugar and chemicals, but real fruit covered in real sour. Just look at the ingredients list. Some of you guys are snagging these 18 pack variety boxes for less than $20. So, this definitely isn't going to last much longer. So, again, super super super scrappy. And I actually made that because when I first joined Dimension and Final Boss Towers team, they were trying to go viral on organic. They were getting views, but nothing was converting. So with Tik Tok shop, you really have to start to understand how to nail content that not only goes viral, but more so converts. So this video has been rinsed and repeated by all the UGC creators that we brought on to Dimension and every single time it's hit. We've mixed it with a couple different narratives like Keith Lee reviewed Final Boss Hour and that ended up making Final Boss Hour go nuclear, especially when combining it with the small business factor with the clearance sale. Final Boss Hour as a product is literally made for Tik Tok Shop. Basically, if you look at any of their product pictures, you just get an instant picture of value and the fact that there's so much in the boxes. all the content from the actual brand side. We're not talking about videos, just uh product hero images and whatnot. How how gamified the product is, how they do limited drops, um how there's a character associated with the brand. They teach so many lessons in terms of product which makes the actual organic marketing storytelling that much easier. >> That's so interesting. It's like gamifying candy. Like you you would normally think about gamification for apps, but it's like founder like like people are buying into the story and like people are getting hyped up for new flavor drops like kind of like a streetear brand. Can you use that for apps too, do you think? >> What in particular are you asking? >> Kind of the gamification aspect that you're describing. >> I think even like with the Stan store he does a bunch of founder marketing which is pretty different as a product. It's like a link in bio app. But overall, I think if you're a founder and you're scared to do any sort of founder marketing, then you shouldn't be building your app. It's almost to that degree because the content doesn't need to be super high production. You don't need to be really good at editing. If you just hop on and talk about your product and you're so excited about your product and you really understand your ICP or ideal customer profile, that resonates like Gen Z, Gen A goes off of vibes. So, it's not about all the little tips and tricks. The founder's biggest influencer in a sense like you should be willing to make the most content for your app. At least in terms of cold starts. >> That makes sense. Do you do that too with the new products that you're working on with any of the apps? Like are you leaning into founder content? >> I worked on two different apps after Dimension. One was a super hacky scrappy app called Arise. It's a solo leveling inspired fitness app. This was probably next to the the other app I'm going to talk about which is called Shepherd and it's the Duolingo for Bible study. But next to that app, I think it was the fastest cold start I've given an app. We just used carousels about fans of solo leveling being excited about the idea of the system existing in real life. So like there were already a bunch of anime fanatics just posting we need the system in real life. So everyone already wanted an app and there were already a couple out but none of them were optimized. They had no long onboarding flow, no social features. They weren't optimized to convert. Actually, most of them were running ads, which anyone in the app space knows does not generate much revenue and it's probably the worst way to monetize your app. But yeah, we just basically milked that format. Partnered with a couple different influencers. >> What did your influencer deals look like for this? I mean, it varied, but most of the influencers and meme pages we worked with were happy with like a1 to$2 dollar CPM. And typically, we're looking at around like a six or seven RPM. So, most of the influencer deals are what push this app to around 50k a month, similar 70 80% margins to to the other consumer apps I've been working on. >> That's so interesting. It's like it seems like the framework for this was just like find a large group of people that are really passionate about a thing and then just make an app that's sort of like based on that IP. So they're super fans of solo leveling and they doesn't really exist in real life. >> I mean it goes back to the point of building a movement. you're either building the cult or finding the cult. And it's definitely better to build the cult in terms of long-term or in terms of LTV, but with this, it was just such an obvious play with the season 2 finale of solo leveling coming out at the time. So, we were kind of riding like a momentum wave. I like to say that pretty much every product or project I've worked on has stemmed from some sort of momentum wave and an existing cult. Punch was it an existing call or were you building the cult? >> Also a mix of the two because I mean just going through the American school system both in high school and in college pretty much everyone hates busy work and so that that sort of mind share against university and higher academia already exists and I and I think there's definitely a place for school like we shouldn't just get rid of the school system entirely but those emotions are definitely stronger in students um and only getting stronger. I mean, every single college kid that I know says that trash EBT is still something that most professors are against and it seems like the detection or detectors uh are still coming out and working and it's what the these professors are using. So, I've even seen more startups around the AI detection bypass feature go viral even recently and some of them are doing billions of views. >> It's still a huge movement. People are still capitalizing on it. What do you think is a big movement right now? >> Social's super saturated already, but I think with recent events like freedom of speech is is huge. So if someone built an app in that space with the right storytelling, you could really see some some crazy breakout community. I think I think some something in the debate debate field would be would be really interesting. And also the Christian community has been definitely gaining a lot of momentum and we're seeing like revival in in in Christianity right now. And so alongside that and and also being like Christian a Christian that struggled with like getting in the Bible every single day. That's also why I ended up building uh the app shepherd which was more recent about three or four months ago. Shepherd kind of started between my co-founder on Kunchch and Arise and I um where we were both just like we want to build something that actually feels more purpose driven and again growing up Christian but not really being able to get in the Bible consistently. We just thought why not build like a Tamagotchi style app for it and kind of going back to the the small business factor the founder should be the biggest influencer of their app sort of angle. This also blew up. It was like seven videos and we did like 20 million views um in two weeks. Got over 100,000 downloads and nothing was optimized for this. We literally ideated or conceptualized with like AI and just some calls. It was like a twoe build. Two week build alongside a twoe growth sprint. Yeah. I mean the app broke a ton. There were a lot of issues, but we got it to 75K MR in those two weeks and we're currently working on tightening like the social loops that exist in the app because we think the bigger play is is is K factor and basically getting people to invite prayer buddies, prayer and and accountability buddies for consistently reading the Bible. >> And that was all from how many videos? >> It was like seven videos. And then we continued to get more videos up after the fact. And I think about a month ago, my co-founder halted all all uh creator ops just because the whole conversation around social loops. I don't think there's any videos of the new app on the social pages at the moment. >> Wait, so is this the account where the most viral videos were or were they on like creator accounts? >> Some on creator accounts, but the most viral videos were on Instagram actually. I mean, this is arguable either way, but I would say it's much easier to grow an Instagram account from scratch. So, the premise of the app is to basically become a shepherd to your own lamb or soul by consistently reading the Bible and encouraging other like shepherds to pray. So, we're kind of gamifying Christianity in a in a sense. >> Yeah. It combines so many interesting concepts. There's like the movement which is Christianity and people wanting to invest more in their faith and then there's the actual I guess like the format or the form factor of the app which is like the Tamagotchi style. This one is definitely has a little bit more depth to it where you're you're taking care of your soul or you're taking care of your faith. Were the most successful videos all from this one account? >> Yep. Yep. So this with this one we got like super scrappy. I call it Frankensteining but I mean I did it with K. You basically just find videos that have already gone viral related to your subject matter and you stitch them together. That's kind of like where it's up to whoever's creating the content. These are just like podcast clips of Bryce Crawford who's huge influencer in the Christian space. And then there's other clips on the page of basically just hooks that I farmed from looking up the phrase Bible reading. This was like very standard hook demo, which is kind of why we phased it out because it's such a meaningful app. We didn't want it to be an app where it required like the hacky UDC influencer route. And there's also just so much potential in terms of bringing this into schools and and churches through natural social loops like we saw in apps like NGL and Gas App, TBH. >> You guys kind of did this yourself where we where you got your own creators for some of these other formats. You're just getting hooks that already exist. >> It's a mix of the two, but we just got really scrappy because we had just started seeing like content market fit with Arise. Arise was at like 7K a month. That's when my co-founder Dante and I started going back and forth on this idea of a Tamagotchi Bible reading app. And then in two weeks we launched or like two three weeks we launched. It literally was a concept to to chart. So we were on like number 10 on reference for charts for a week or so. But like I said, we paused on all the organic because we realized this is not like an app we should be pushing such a hacky version of. So, the last couple months have just been my co-founder dialed on on product. >> Completely random thing I just came up with, but as you look at this demo, what is like something unique or interesting that you're like, "Oh, I actually really like that." From my perspective, it seems like all taste is is just having an opinion. >> That's very true. I mean, that's the same way we can think about content as well. Even with content, like when I would try to get my friends who either ran brands or wanted to build their own personal brand as like an influencer online, the only way you know how your taste falls on that spectrum of like is there an ideal viewer persona or consumer persona for my video content or for the app I'm building is by putting your opinion out there. So, I love that you said that. It just seems like you need to have an opinion because that's that's super on the money. And like I said, the more people that are building apps, the more people that are making content, the better because we just have so much diversity in terms of uh what's coming out. And oftent times the best content and products are like amalgamations of all these different opinions or style, taste, whatever word you want to use. >> That's really interesting. So you mentioned that in the new version of Shepherd, there's going to be a social component where people can kind of interact with each other in their Bible study. So, I'm going through some of the messaging flows in spotted and prod. >> The thing with spotted and prod is that so many of the designs that you see on here are really unique, but it's more like I'd say the micro animations on this site that are really useful, but at the end of the day, you would always want to develop like your own brand identity. In regards to Shephard, for example, a lot of like the micro animations and art style came from Dualingo. So, Dolingo was kind of getting cancelled at the time and we thought it would be really funny and viral if we built off of that momentum wave where Dolingo is getting cancelled, the owl is getting cancelled, but that's why you should interface with the lamb instead. It was like God first lamb over the AI first owl because the the dualingo owl was getting cancelled for using AI in all of its videos. It was kind of like us versus them. We had like an AI chat feature we added to the app very briefly and we had like some backlash in our Discord. Like we had like we still have I think like 10,000 members in our Discord off that initial push and some people were just not happy to see AI because of how much the original contact stemmed around being against Duolingo's AI first initiative. >> In that case, do you listen to those users or do you kind of like try to convince them that some AI be good? I would say always listen to your user, especially if it's like a common theme throughout your community. You should always be listening to your user because they're the ones that you're building for. Obviously, if it's going completely against your values and that's the one thing, but we got rid of the AI chat feature and turned it into more of like a custom devotional feature where it would generate a devotional for you, but all the customerf facing copy does not contain AI. >> I'm curious in general like you've worked on a lot of apps. You seem to be very good at the zero to one. You're good at design, good at market sense, I guess, like even just like idea selection. What role do you want to play going forward? Do you like the incubation stuff? Are you looking for more technical co-founders to build new projects? What's next for you? >> I'm definitely still a big fan of doing cold starts or doing 0ero to one. So I am working on some apps nights and weekends hacking away just because we're in like the AI bubble or like it's very similar to the dot bubble and because apps are so easy to build and run UGC and influencer programs around once you have all the systems in place at least it's it doesn't take too much overhead. So definitely continuing down that path, but whether it's a a big cultural movement or something completely unrelated to software, something maybe going back to the flaws and inefficiencies with the school system. Like I don't know. I I've thought about it because I know my skill set is useful in all these different tech companies. Like I've I've had a lot of different offers in doing the growth and the cold starts for YC companies and companies that have bigger budgets. But I think I'm looking for something to dive into and work on for years because the last I don't know five, six companies I've worked on have only been for a couple months at a time. I'm personally just really excited to see what you do. If you had to give advice to an app founder who's built the product already and they're trying to figure out the marketing, do you think that all products can fit into like one of your two major kind of like marketing frameworks like the founderled versus the kind of writing movement or any of other frameworks or think about your ideas with the marketing in mind first? Yeah, I think the majority of the apps I've worked on, I wasn't thinking about the the marketing first, but I always get into the shoes of the ICP. Like I become the ideal customer profile. And to your question about whether any founder with any product can make their app go viral, I think you can. It's more a matter of like conversions and retention. But once you get a taste of virality and see an influx of users and kind of get past that initial excitement, that's kind of where you're seeing whether there's actual cracks in your products capabilities and like the product story itself in a sense. But if I was just like a technical founder that was able to build good products, I would say the fastest way you can find content market fit is just by posting about your product. Like don't get lost in the sauce of figuring out a specific format. Just share your product on Tik Tok, on Instagram to start and just gather data points around what kind of content is working. Also, look up phrases that are loosely related to the problem or the problem you're solving or the community you're targeting and stitch those videos. start a conversation with the community you're going against or building for your app, brand, whatever it is. And that's where you'll learn whether you're good at sales or closing. You have those two different approaches. And with the influencers, you should be able to convert them into full-time UDC creators, meaning they're running an account hosting purely for your brand. But you basically have those three different frameworks you can use to build a viral engine for your company. And don't touch paid until you've cracked at least five winning formats. You're likely not going to see high ROI on your time. >> That's a really cool way of thinking about it. Thanks so much for being on the pod. I learned a lot. >> Yeah, bro. Anytime. Thanks for having me. >> If you found that insightful, you might like Consumer Club. It's a private group for consumer app founders to talk to each other about the latest tactics. Median revenue of the members is about a million ARR. So check that out. Also, use Superwall. They're the best. Also, there's a ton more of these episodes on the Superwall channel.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [3/28] He went from 0 to $150k by building an ai fashion app (no-code)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9655E10fxsk
Duration: 32:12
Words: 6,867

Today on the pod, our guest is Reed Manata, the founder of Fitted. Reed has one of the most interesting stories out of anyone I've personally met. He started with nothing, spent every day grinding as a caddy on a golf course to earn a scholarship to Penn State. Then in college, he built a laundry service in his dorm room, scaled it to 18 cities without owning a single washing machine. Then he shocked everybody when he pivoted into something completely different. Reed created a viral AI powered closet app that's racked up north of 500 million views and got over 600,000 downloads. >> We released the app a few weeks later, have a video go mega viral, and then we get a couple hundred thousand downloads, you know, off the rip. And yeah, it was just it was super exciting. >> Here's his playbook. Find a creator with 150K followers who has viral potential but isn't expensive yet. Pay them $20 per video just to test content. And once you see traction, bring them on as a co-founder with meaningful equity. Reed's co-founder, Max, went from making outfit videos in class to driving half a billion views for fitted. All because Reed structured the partnership as crawl, walk, run instead of typical influencer marketing. That was kind of the the idea was all right, let's give them equity. Let's give them like percentage of the rev share. And then as things come along, right, it's like, hey, like I'm putting in a lot more work. I I want more equity. Hey, I'm putting in more work. You know, any normal relationship, founding relationship, employee relationship, just over time, right, you put in more value, you put in more effort, and you know, weeks back increases. In this pod, we break down the exact formula Reed used to get app downloads for 1 cent to 15 cents each. Why he's now launching a crypto token that's doing a4 million in volume daily and how he's positioned fitted to become the AI resale marketplace sitting on hundreds of millions of dollars worth of closet data. This is Reed Makata's advice on going viral, building with creators, and bringing a 100 million people into crypto through consumer apps. This is the Superall podcast, and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the Consumer Club Discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their payw walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwall. But one thing you might not know is Superwwell has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own paywall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pod. You've said that your apps have gotten downloads for a cent to 15 cents per download. That's kind of insane. How do you accomplish that? >> Have really good organic videos and then you put ads into them. And so I'll I'll go way back. So I mean my first foray into like realizing Tik Tok could be a hack is watching my friend Max Gomez build his brand breath work. So this was 2020 kind of like right off the tail end of you know like right when like Tik Tok was getting popping and um you know I watched his Tik Tok account grow from like zero to like 3 million followers on Tik Tok and they drove all this traffic and engagement and the playbook was find a content creator that had an audience that is overlapped with the target market that you're going after give them meaningful equity and upside into the company and then bring them on board And when I set forth on building fitted, I had six friends send me this Tik Tok of who is now my co-founder Max who created this outfit generator for himself in class. And it went viral and I reached out to him on every single platform imaginable. Uh LinkedIn, Instagram, I guessed his email, um you know, you name it. And before I even had a product and I would pay him 20 bucks a video to just like just cook and it worked. and he would get videos with like 20 to 30,000 views and we didn't even have a product and he was just talking about his fashion. So I was like okay there there is something here. So we did that for a little bit, went cold, and as fate had it, he lived in LA and he graduated without, you know, anything lined up after. And he said, "Hey, I'm down to go all in." And at this point, we were still like really bootstrapped. And I raised like 10K from a homie and I flew everyone out from my team into a apartment in Palm Springs. And uh for a week, we just like cooked with the devs and our content creator. And it was like magic. That first day we woke up with a video that had 2 million views and then we threw on a weight list and then we got 100,000 people on the wait list and yeah, it was just like pretty crazy. And then we built that initial momentum and then we just kept writing it. In the past year and a half, I'd say that we have a video go viral about like once a month. And really the playbook is just like just keep finding new content formulas and then um keep iterating and then just keep cross-osting them across all of our socials. And then with the ones that hit, you just put ad dollars behind them and you have a really compelling video and you're not really selling the user. You know, it all kind of trickles in. At first when we started it was a web app and it just didn't convert. I mean, we did pretty well, you know, all things, you know, all things considered, but it wasn't that breakout success that we were looking for. And it was really clear that web apps just didn't really resonate with our audience. And so, after we released the web app and growth kind of stalled, it was clear that we needed to build a mobile app. And, you know, we spent the 400 $1,400 on a call with and on a 15-minute call with Nikita Beer and that was his two cents. And yes, so then it was it was six grueling months of just like locking in with my team and pushing out the the the mobile app and just like clockwork, right? We released the app a few weeks later, have a video go mega viral and, you know, we're at, you know, then we get a couple hundred thousand downloads, you know, off the rip and yeah, it was just super exciting. >> That's amazing. What was that first 2 million view video? >> My first taste at virality was in 2021 and and Fitted has had a lot of different arcs. Um the the lore of fitted is that it actually I've been working on it for eight years and it originally started as a laundry service. Like I started it in college. I wasn't technical. Caught an entrepreneurial bug. Wanted to build a business. And Fitted first started as an ondemand laundry service. I go to your house and pick up your laundry or dry clean. Take it to a cleaner bring it back. Scale this to 18 cities without owning a single washing machine or van. And my first taste of virality was on Tik Tok. I had just about given up on Tik Tok. And one of my early investors was just like, "Give me the give me the account. Let me try something." And then he just posted just like this the simplest video. It was just like screen recording backdrop of like our site and here's like what it does. And it hit 600k like views. I mean, this was like 2020. It wasn't like mega viral, but like that was my first taste of virality. It was insanity because I had like all these comments like, you know, all these people that wanted to invest. I had all these like different brands that wanted to come and partner with us, but I mean I was like a service business. So, you know, it wasn't like it wasn't like really scalable to do influencer or like I don't know going viral as like a service- based business. Like most of your audience that finds it is not kind of who you're you're looking for, right? That was my first taste of virality. Then the video after like the one that really like hit with with Fitted, it was just how to use the app. There was no there was no gimmick. There was no like sauce. It was just like he was the product and Max already had an audience, right? He already had like 50 60,000 followers that were hyperengaged on his fashion, his taste, and this tool that he was building. And so when he actually released something, um it wasn't going on deaf ears, right? There was already like a really invigorated audience. And then that's when it really started to catch fire. >> Was it this video? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> What was the hook here? It's just how to use the fitted closet. So, it's almost like he's promoting the app as if everyone like should already know what Fitty Closet is. Would you consider this influencer marketing or UGC? Like, is he tapping into an audience, do you think? Or do you think these videos could go viral on any account? He was just building an audience and like his audience was just really captivated on his style, his his aura, his riz, and like the [ __ ] he was building, right? And so, they're already kind of like fanboying and like fangirling him, right? And so like when I think about like building like a community community or audience, it was all there to start, right? So like you know when we when we launched we already had kind of like a couple thousand people really excited about to use the product from the get-go. >> Yeah, that's really interesting. How did you go about the initial partnership? >> The way I structured it was that I wanted to give him like very meaningful upside. I wanted to give him very meaningful equity. I mean, it was, you know, the way I treat all my relationships is very much so like crawl, walk, run. And so, you know, to start, right, we were just paying him, you know, 20 bucks a video before we started kind of really leaning in deep because, you know, he had the opportunity cost of like working somewhere else or um, you know, doing going to another startup or going to another company or running marketing somewhere. And so, we had to give it make it you know, meaningful for for him, right? And um you know it worked out because he built this tool but really didn't have the means to build the full product. He didn't have the full engineering team but you know he had the audience but uh and so it was kind of like a perfect perfect match at the beginning. >> I'm curious like what's his role now? So he obviously has his own audience and he makes these videos and it's just kind of like banger after banger. Like there's so many like multi-million view videos. How many lifetime views have you gotten for the app? >> Probably over like 500 million. >> 500 million views. So, is that all from him or do you have other accounts that are posting? >> Yeah, I mean we had a few other accounts. Uh, I would say like probably like 95% of the distribution was from from Max and then we would be, you know, we would do that on Tik Tok. We would repost on our main account and then we would repost it on Instagram reels as well. >> Wow. So, you got 600,000 downloads from basically one account plus a couple of other creators and influencers. Yeah. >> Wow. That's insane. How much revenue is the app done? app has made about 150k from like subscriptions. Our top of funnel is like cracked. Now where I'm at is like the actual app is like not where I want it to be at all. And so like where my attention has been is just been like tech building the product making it better making it stickier, more retentive, more you know inherently viral, right? I haven't found product market fit yet. It's clear that there's a market pull but I haven't found product market fit yet. And so like that's kind of the next journey, right? That's the next, you know, milestone. >> Yeah. I want to dive into the product as well, but just an interesting thing to note is a lot of people focus on building a product first and then distributing it. But you guys basically distributed nothing at first and just, you know, got an audience and he was getting an audience and then you released like the web app version and then you released the mobile version and now you're starting to make money. But you completely started with like what is the market demand? What do people resonate with on content and Tik Tok and then you are now getting into I guess we'll build the product. Yeah. Um, that's interesting. >> And like in our community, right? Like another thing you asked is kind of like what is Max's role? Like he so much more than just like, you know, an influencer, right? Like, you know, we brought him on and it's, you know, we we basically needed like a day zero team member that interfaces with the community, sits on the product, right? Because like he has an audience and they they live in his comments. Like they are like they message what they want. They comment what's bad about it. a comment saying like, hey, you know, we should have XYZ features. And so that's kind of how we like weigh like all of our like product roadmap. And so he kind of sits in this like such a unique position where not only is he like the huge megaphone for the company, but he also is, you know, does the temperature checks of kind of what is their audience and community saying, what are they expressing, what do they want? And at the same time, he's like sits in the design meetings with me and makes these key decisions. And you know, maybe it's not as useful for him to sit in the product and engineering calls, but like it gives him context of like what the hell is actually going on, right? Uh and so, you know, then it gives him a little bit more foundation to, you know, go and be a megaphone about specific things. >> Yeah, it's a really good reframe of how most people think about marketing as a function in in their company. Like a lot of people do influencer marketing. I, you know, partner with tons of UGC creators or, you know, a bunch of influencers or paid ads people, but then those people are not really embedded into the company and like really understand the product. And on the other hand, you guys have like a complete loop where the guy who's doing the distribution is actually in touch with the customers, listening to the comments, talking to people in DMs, and then he's able to give you like probably the best like product feedback because he's like actually the voice of the customer. That's really awesome. Is breath work like run similarly where it's like very influencerled? Yeah, it it was sort of influence like they just had a core creator that was very into breath work and they just kept iterating until they found a a playbook that worked for them and yeah, they just like just kept doing it, right? And then just like they just kept going, right? And then it was just like banger after banger after banger. But it is an insane top of funnel. Five 500 million views and 600,000 downloads just from this one T basically one or a couple more Tik Tok accounts. So why are these videos actually going so viral? >> Yeah. Uh I mean we we get the algorithm like our team is you know we're chronically online. We're always scrolling and so there's I think there's like two buckets like what is like trending and like what like are there certain metas? Are there memes? Are there inside jokes that like we can lean in on that like we could take advantage of? And then there's like more like evergreen content that like I think can hit right. It comes down to like having like a hook, right? Like my mindset is like everyone on you know attention is like so fleeting. So you have like a a split second to like hook people in and then also just like provide value in the form of like showing them a product, right? And for us it's never about like hey download this app it's going to blah blah blah. It's like can you can we can you follow along in our journey as we build this product. You know, some days there's periods where like, you know, it's the algorithm is a little bit more dry than than others, but that's why we like kind of diversify across different channels, >> right? So, once this format went this is a huge video, 136 million views. Did you rep were you able to replicate this again after? >> Yeah. Yeah. This there's another one right there. >> Oh, yeah. They did it again. 60 million views. So, okay. Interesting thing you said was you approach product development with the thought in mind of how is the customer going to first interact with the brand on Tik Tok and then you kind of reverse engineer okay what product can we make from that. So can you like walk through your thought process and the product itself? So what like what is fitted? >> Yeah. So like the product is we make it really easy to digitize your closet, style yourself, resell your clothes and share it with friends. So like that that video that has like 135 million views like the the value prop is there just like we just like make an outfit for you, right? Like an outfit delivered to you daily, super simple, right? Even that initial video that Max made that like went viral was like I made an outfit generator like that just hit, right? And so like all right, there was market demand for that. And so like when we were building the fitted closet when like you know we have the ability to like see everything you had, right? So then, okay, it seems like there's market pull for this, you know, outfit generator. So like, let's have that be the first tool that, you know, yeah, like this, right? Let's have that be the first tool that we build, right? And that hit really hard, right? And, you know, then in kind of where we're at now is like we'll tease out different features or things that, you know, we're thinking of building and we'll see what the engagement is, right? Is like does re if we start hinting at resale, do people start wanting that? You know, I think about it as like what are these taglines that like would make people stop scrolling in their feed to like perk up and be like, "Oh, what is this?" >> Interesting. Do you have any examples of that where you like thought of a new feature and then you put it on TikTok first to test it? >> Yeah. Go to fitted by Sydney. Scroll down. There's one where it's Yeah. Yeah. Stalking my boyfriend's closet. And so like we just had this feature. It wasn't even on mobile and um it wasn't on mobile. It was just on a web app. And so I was like, "Let's see if this hits." Then it hit to now it's going to be coming up in our next update. >> Where did you get this idea? Flex your neck worth. That's a really that's just such a smart idea. >> And like I just like I just like love fashion. I'm a I'm a huge collector and I don't know like I feel like a lot of our generation like they have like four to five figures tied up in their closet and uh that is like a financial asset. And I mean, for some they want to keep that private, but like if you think about like you know, dudes and guys that like want to flex, like they want to show off what they have and uh you know, I thought neck worth was just like a funny term. Um that that kind of hit. >> Has that done well on TikTok? I imagine it's sort of like a not really controversial, but sort of edgy like uh viral. >> Um full flywheel isn't there yet, but I I think it I think it will. Um, so like you're just going to I guess I'm just going to give out all my sauce, but you know there's going to be a flow where like you can just like quickly share like the most expensive pieces in your closet and like share it to like your Instagram or your Twitter or stuff like that. And I have a feeling that that will like that'll hit really hard. >> What's the direction of the product now? Like what signals are you getting from Tik Tok and what what direction are you is that pushing you? I am transitioning out of this mindset of building a like indie hacker scaling MR to then like let's build a generational business that retires my bloodline. And so that happens by winning market share, you know, by instead of like fighting over MR, it's like winning market share. And so currently I'm hamstringing user growth because my app is hard paywalled. And we've just been we've been experimenting with a lot of different like revenue streams. And so in the next two updates, we're going to be making the app entirely free so that anyone can use the app and upload as many pieces and we're going to have like different kind of like paywalled features of course, but uh and then once that app once that's out, it's just going scorched earth on partnerships, influencer marketing, celebrity marketing, athlete marketing, brand marketing. Um because we're building like a really interesting ecosystem, right? Like fashion is a trillion dollar industry and everyone's closets are offline and I'm like farming closet data, right? There's, you know, over two million pieces uploaded to fitted, right? I know people's favorite brands, color, style, spending habits, lifestyle, favorite sports team, how often they go to the gym, right? Like brands know what people buy, but they have no idea what we actually wear. And two, I have hundreds of millions of dollars worth of clothes uploaded to fitted, right? And we are so uniquely well positioned to become an AI resell marketplace. And so that is also the kind of the next iteration, you know, of of Fitted as well. And then I also have this token uh you know, Fitcoin which is you know doing close to a4 million dollars in volume a day and uh you know I I'm building this huge audience and community on on Twitter you know over the future success of of Fitted. And so and the future success of Bitcoin is tying it into the product building like a flywheel so that I have consumers I have brands and I have speculators all bidding on the same token. >> That's wild. The AI part is really interesting. These people are actually using the app. if they're uploading their own clothes, you can feasibly say like, "Oh, you're you're wearing these clothes. Like, you would probably want to buy these similar clothes, right?" So, it's like people are feeding you data. Amazon doesn't even have that, you know? Like Amazon doesn't know exactly what's in my closet or Shopify, right? They they only know what I'm buying, but they don't know like everything in my closet. You have you have that data. It's an interesting formula for these like bootstrapped apps that could turn into like venture scale apps because once you have that moat which is the data that could feed the AI, it could turn into a much more generational company like you said. Do you see that model happening anywhere else besides fashion like in any other verticals or um do you think that it could be applied to any other like AI viral apps? >> Yeah. Yeah. And that's the whole beauty of ICM which is kind of in the believe launchpad which is what we launched right there's a lot of these other tokens and products that are just doing exceptionally well. Uh dupe is an example you know is a platform that makes it really easy to find like cheaper furniture. You upload a picture of something and it finds you like a duplicate price. I've like taken a lot out of their growth playbook on like Tik Tok and Instagram and you know so they've integrated their token natively into their ecosystem where you earn dupe by shopping and you can redeem it for gift cards and stuff like that and so um they're very much so a northstar and um how we're looking to integrate I mean even too you know web 3 aside like even like Dualingo right you know uh Dualingo has gified the entire experience around their app using like gems and tokens and coins and you know consumers are used to that. And so zooming out like my my thesis is that you know consumer apps are going to be the what drive the next 100 million consumers into into crypto into web 3. And if I have if I kind of mask, you know, the purchasing of Bitcoin behind, you know, an inapp payw wall that consumers are really used to, right? You know, I've like subconsciously onboarded them into like our ecosystem without them even knowing. And now they're able to integrate into our app and do all like, you know, the fun features and stuff like that. >> That's interesting. You're almost like operating like a public company in a way where you're you have your share shareholders which are the people that buy the token and then you have like the customers and you're actually operating the business. Yeah, pretty interesting. So yeah, what about the partnerships? Yeah, you mentioned you have uh some big names. So this summer we collaborated with Paramount. We were the uh official virtual closet of the movie Clueless, which is like a chick flick came out in the mid '9s that had a virtual closet in it. So that was super cool. And then last month we announced our partnership with Poshmark. So we have an integration with our app to facilitate a one-click resale experience. So you you know click you know build your closet, here's a piece, you click a button and then you know then boom your your clothes are are listed in on Poshmark. And then tomorrow we're announcing our partnership with Task Rabbit to basically you know enlist their 20 to 30,000 taskers to uh tap in and help you you know digitize and catalog your closet. So closet organization is a top 15 task on Task Rabbit. And um you know they don't have a platform to digitize their pieces into the users's pieces into. And so you know we're going to be running a fun campaign with Task Rabbit to you know work with influencers, work with you know people that just don't have the time to digitize their closet and you know you can have someone come to your door and and do it for you. >> That's cool. Well, that's interesting cuz like part of the onboarding of your app is you have to scan each item of clothing so that the algorithm can recommend to you the outfits and mix and match and stuff. Um, and that takes a little bit of work so you can like hire someone to like do the onboarding for you. What do you think about scaling user acquisition from here? I mean, you basically have like built-in audience as your marketing co-founder and you're doing a bunch of PR. Is there kind of like a mastermind plan? >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, getting it to a million users is not hard cuz like like I said, we're able to drive down like we go viral once a month and I'm able to drive downloads for like really cheap. What's hard is getting the app to a place where I want to spend even more money to keep riding it, right? Like I know my churn is high. I know my app isn't sticky enough. And so to combat that, I'm like rebuilding it and adding more bells and whistles and adding more features so that the app is stickier, the app is more retentive, the app is uh more sharable, right? So, you know, that's why, you know, on our next few app updates, we're we're focused in on making it free, right? So then, you know, we're not turning away more users that, you know, get turned off by a pay wall. I want to make it even easier to build a closet, right? So, you know, working with Task Rabbit or we work we built this tool where it scrapes all of your online receipts and adds it to your closet. There's a tool where you just take a selfie and boom, you know, it adds it to your closet, you know, quick ad, right? So, like one of the functions in this in this calculus is like making it really frictionless to build a closet. So, that's one of the things that we're like really focused on solving for, you know, like I said, delivering on that value of like making really good outfit recommendations, right? And so having more AI tools, you know, talk to your closet, you know, weather integrations, widgets, stuff like that. You know, my superpower is like I'm one degree of separation away from like anybody in the world. And uh I can I can go and get any celebrity that we we go and need to, but like we're not ready for it, right? We're not ready for Kim Kardashian to post us. I'm not I'm not ready for Drake to post us yet, but that time is going to come, right? And so when it does, I want to make sure that the app is in its most dialed spot ever. And then you know we'll be able to you know execute on it. Yeah. Because then you know current it's you know it's clear that um you know we we'll have these we'll have these moments we'll go viral you know we'll have a huge step increase in like our MR and then you know it'll start trickling down. We'll go viral and so like I want my chart to just be like consistent up and to the right. Uh and so to get there it's just iterating on the product. I want to kind of unpack that a little bit how you would replicate this in another industry because I feel like there's a lot of influencers like this out there where they're not really monetized. Like they're building really powerful, thriving communities and audiences and all they do is like shill random e-commerce products. Like there's just so much potential there to combine that powerful audience with a really good app. What industries would you say potentially might have some of those? the same way that there's product market fit, there's founder market fit. And I was just so lucky because like for Max, right, like it was a match made in heaven because, you know, he he told me his favorite thing to do was get dressed in the morning. And so for any product, right, it's like who is that creator or who is that persona that like that has that same desire and burning, you know, that that fire under their ass to like go and actually like build something and like figure it out. It's not easy, but also at the same time, these people are like very visible cuz if you go to like someone that has like 50 to 100,000 followers, like they know that they're an influencer. They know give or take their worth. they know that they have a little bit more leverage going into it. There's also this like kind of bucket of creator that's like between a thousand to like call it like 50,000 that might not be like a quote unquote influencer, but they're good at making content. They're good at getting views and they're building, you know, engagement, right? So like there's this spectrum of kind of creator/influencer. So like finding that like sweet spot of creator where they're not going to like be really expensive. they're not going to like want to take like expect like huge payouts or expect like crazy amounts of equity, right? Then it's like a crawl, walk run approach. >> Could we walk through each of those three phases? So in the crawl stage, what type of partnership are you trying to create with that? >> Yeah. So for us with Max, you know, I reached out to him and then we just made like a sub account under fitted called Fitted by Max and we just had him like post and we just had him like post like 20 bucks a video. That was like the first phase and then we just started recognizing like oh okay like this is like starting to work right like even though we didn't have a product like this is starting to work and in the beginning it was like kind of like non-committal and then when he I found out he lived in LA and I found out that he you know had a lot more bandwidth to lean in it was like okay like how do we give you more meaningful upside right tying the success of the company right to your effort tying the success of you know tying revenue to this right so that was kind of the the idea was all right let's give them equity let's give them like percentage of the I've share and then as things come along, right, it's like, hey, like I'm putting in a lot more work. I I want more equity. Hey, I'm putting in more work and you know that that that comes over time, right? Like I feel like it's just any any normal relationship, founding relationship, employee relationship, just over time, right? You put in more value, put in more effort, and you know, weeks back increases. >> At what point did you decide to start to give equity? Like were there any metrics or any milestones that you you you kind of made that transition? I think we were pretty eager in the beginning because it was like vested uh and then you know basically like the rev share was just like a percentage of you know any of the revenue generated on the app uh and so like that incentivized him to just go viral more. >> Yeah, rev share seems like a pretty lowrisk way to start out compared to equity. Do you think that you could scale to more creators? >> 100%. I mean every I mean that's like such a huge part of our flywheel because fashion is like super social, right? And it's not creators. It's like I want the most interesting people in the world having closets unfitted, right? I want the A-listers. I want the athletes. I want the influencers. I mean, there's a there's a lot of different angles to like building closets, right? So, like, you know, there's this tool and then to like get the higher level people working with celebrity stylists and then building like an ecosystem of stylists. And so, like cuz I think that's going to be one of the most important flywheels is people like sharing their closet like and flexing their closet. Like influencer is like a it's not the main but it will be like a very important piece of the flywheel. Do you feel like there's another industry that has like undermonetized influencers or creators? Do you feel like there's other niches that you feel like people could find or an app idea? >> Yeah, there's like so many app ideas and like I I can't even like I I feel like there is an app for every creator, right? There's probably an app for every single creator out there. I don't know what it is, right? Like obviously if there's like, you know, a travel creator is going to like do very well with a travel app. So, I think that there's like and there may be like a studio model where like you can just like find these creators that are good at going viral and then you'll just build an app around them like and you know you let them decide kind of what that direction is. But cuz I think that that that answer is like so open-ended because like I feel like every creator could have an app that hits. It's just like what is that app? I don't know. But it's all about like what resonates with their audience the most. >> Yeah, that makes sense. Is there anything else that you feel like is interesting about the app or or the company? Anything else you wanted to like dive into? >> I feel like I went into like all of like the all of the lore. Yeah, I mean, I'd like to think I've solved the distribution, but the core product is not where I want it to be yet. And so, I'm excited to basically just like wake up, push the rock up the hill, and just make it super refined, super performative, and find product market fit because I'm I'm like almost there. I'm just not there quite yet. But no, it's just been fun to just make a whole lot of noise on social media. Like, you know, it's like the most it's the most like thrilling drug ever. Like, it's just the most like the dopamine from having something hit on the timeline or having like your mentions blowing up. Like, that's like that's like crack to me. >> Well, thanks so much. This was like sauce. This was really good. Uh, >> no, no, dude. Thank you for having me. I think the community you're building is like second to none. Uh, and so always happy to support kind of everything that you're building and hopefully I've gotten so much sauce and so much like knowledge from just like the the community that you've built. So always here to kind of give back in any way, shape or form. >> Cool. Thanks. >> Thank you, Joseph. Yeah. Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So you can apply to join consumer club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwwell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwall.com. We have more videos on the channel. So dig into those to learn from app founders who are willing to share super tactical stuff about app growth.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [4/28] This App Makes $2M/Year With This Viral TikTok Strategy
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtYlYzw40vo
Duration: 45:04
Words: 9,061

I just talked to the CEO of Bloom. They're doing millions of dollars in ARR. They have a million plus active users. They're a fintech app. They're like one of the most insane growth engines that I've ever seen combining organic with ads. Let's get right into it. So, by the end of this pod, what key takeaways should the listeners expect around app growth and engagement? I think definitely understanding how you can scale the organic growth. How do you scale this business from one creator to five to 10 to 20 micro influencers and how you can adopt that to paid ads as well, right? There's a feedback loop of the testing via organic growth creators and then use same asset to paid ads which will make you grow or use less budget on paid ads, right? So that testing loop is definitely something. And second is PMF. I think people overlook uh product market fit and just focus their time mostly on marketing. But if the product doesn't stick with the users, it really is a problem. So understanding of the PMF will be something that you can learn from this podcast. Yeah, I feel like Bloom has done super well with the viral organic stuff on TikTok. So I think people will be super interested in that as well as the loop of like organic to ads and just actually scaling. What is Bloom? Bloom is Gen Z's uh learn to invest app. So think of it as like a Robin Hood and Dualingo together where you could actually learn um from the very basic concept of what is investing all the way to you know what is P ratio and reading the financial statement right so with that the same knowledge you can actually test your knowledge via mock trading and gamification on our platform as well as invest in us so I actually wanted to ask like what what's working right now for distribution and how do you how are you getting users like what are the trends that you're seeing right now that are working really well for you guys yeah I I think 2024 has been a big year for us for organic growth. Um in 2023 we massively scaled Tik Tok paid ads and then we saw that you know CAC is actually not performing as well as you know mid 2023 and by 2023 end of 2023 it really tailored down. we double down on like scaling our organic growth and I think 2024 narrative was how to get rich I think was pretty much the theme for us right like so we would you know make hen videos and a lot of videos were like oh what does the billionaire nanny do right for their kids and I think that narrative really really did well last year and then obviously the Reddit carousel did really well but come this year I think people realize that relatability is something big so we're targeting a lot of study talk groups where like actually relatable for college students on how to get you know good score and how to actually invest money properly and I think that really did well for us for past uh 6 months or this year. Okay, so let let's go to the billionaire nanny and Reddit like the these are like deep deep like brain rot scroll like Tik Tok formats that like I feel like a lot of people don't know that much about but you guys were like killing it on Tik Tok with these like insane formats. like do you have any examples that you could show some of the stuff you guys are doing there? People definitely like the idea of how do I get rich quick and I think it was a good narrative to get in to say that we saw a pattern of how billionaires raise their kids and then from there you see you know you share like what do they eat how do they you know go to school uh what kind of education they get and then you lead into they actually start their investing learning uh really early in their stage and I think that really gets to people that oh if I do start my education early enough whether I'm in teens or college student, I could potentially become millionaire, right? So, I think that narrative really resonated with people a lot. We scaled this really quickly by using uh both just micro influencers but also Asian a lot last year. So, I think that really resonated well with people where oh like if I actually do invest early, I'll become rich. If you think about like idea of ethics, it you know it might be on a borderline but in the end it's not promoting get rich quick. It's like if you actually come to our app and learn stuff, it's more about long-term growth. So, it's like a good hook to get people hooked, but then once they come into the platform and start learning content, they realize that it's not a one day richclick theme. It's actually more so how do I invest in a recurring theme and then build this portfolio with a compound rate, which made it sticky in the end. And I think the retention for us actually really worked well even though our advertisement is more about like how do billionaires do to become a billionaire. That's actually like such a good point. I feel like a lot of people see the growth tactics and they're like, "Oh, that's just short term." It's like you're you're overpromising, but then like if you have a good app, then the funnel is that's that's just classic marketing, right? You you you go super broad at the top and then once people get into the app, Bloom is a great app. Like you actually have a ton of gamification and a lot of like deep features that allow people to invest in the long term. And so yeah, I think this is like a perfect example of like doing both at the same time. How do you actually make that creator engine work? So, you have all these like kind of like faceless videos and slides and Hey Jen, do you have a team that's like doing this? Do you have do you like hire creators? How do you actually like make sure this content gets produced consistently at such a such a high level? Yeah. So, we have internal team and also we work with agency who specializes in AI um content generation. So with them, we already had 5 to 10 accounts that had a decent following and engagements and we would just mass-produce contents and then um let's say per account we'll post maybe two contents a day and then once something hits viral we would just propagate to you know 20 different ones and then try to get as much view as possible and then once we get the view we would then focus on conversion right. So we would have a comment um team going in there and then commenting about our app specifically cuz a lot of these organic growth if you think about it if you say oh download Bloom today they know it's ad. So we would do a lot of indirect CTA where we just share screens and share narratives and share stories that's going to resonate with people and then indirectly we would use common strategy to say this is the app called bloom then people organically flow into our and I think that's how we scaled the hen math method with the agency and also internally we would do similar strategy which is no following and warming up accounts and posting that's you know another team that we worked internally and then with the micro influencers we mostly work with agency on this topic and Joseph, I think you brought our team a good resource. Lauren from Pebble actually helped us a lot on really, you know, picking up the right creators. I can't disclose her strategy, but in a very high level, it's really finding a good content creator, not a massive following. So, if you see the videos of these creators are creating, you know that they're creating the right videos because they're at the right angle, lights, narratives, and what you know, trends they're following. Then with that, she reach out to those creators and then they would create a new account from the beginning and then warm up and then scale from there quickly. And um that's kind of how we scaled. And obviously there's more details in there where like you know how do they how do you pay the creators? It's like retainer plus CPM, right? I think you talk about this a lot in our consumer club as well, but um those are kind of the highle strategies that we use for you to break down three different ways. That's so smart. like the just this the a completely new way of like doing creator marketing. So, you're not going to for these like big influencers with big followings. You're going after targeted small creators that are not going to charge like ridiculous prices for brand deals, but then you're paying a retainer. So, you're like paying per month. Um, you don't have to give exact numbers, but like what's a rough range for like what you would want to pay for a small creator like this? Yeah, I think it depends on the volume. Um, so we have like one or two different types of contracts that we send out and there are times where we just send out flat rate of $1,000 per month and then we will pay them based on CPM if they uh hit over 10K and 50K and 100K. Um, so per CPM we pay like anywhere between $2 to $4 for a bonus and there are creators where we just pay them lower retainer fee with $500 for 60 videos but then we give them a higher CPM. So um based on the contents they create we offer them different types of deals but that's how we would usually structure it. Um cuz like the baseline of creating volume of video I think they usually require retainers and I think it's fair that we give them the right pay for what they create but then for being virality that's how we incentivize via CPM bonus. So anywhere between $500 to $1,000 per month. And how many videos are they creating for they're creating 60 60 videos. So they're basically posting two videos per day every single day for a month, right? Yeah. Um and they usually both have two different accounts where um you know different names but then they would post it on cross channel for them as well just to see how algorithm really works. Uh sometimes you know one account fix better than the other then they would focus on posting two of them in there versus one each. Um, so we use like different AB testing on how we actually can get viral faster. So they're basically like they're each creator has one to two accounts. They're creating them from scratch and creating like profiles. Is it a branded profile where it's like this is Bloom like a copy of of the Bloom app profile or is does it look like a personal account? It looks like personal account but obviously the contents that goes in is somewhat branded. So, it's like a mix of both, but then the profile itself is just like a person's face with, you know, learn to invest with XYZ. Yeah. As a recap, like 500 to a,000 retainer to make 60 videos a month plus a CPM. So, you're paying per,000 views and you're paying like two anywhere from like $2 to $4 per,000 views. And then it sounds like you have like cut off points as well. So you have like if they get 50,000 views, 100,000 views, are those like minimum view caps where you have to reach those amounts in order to unlock the CPM, right? Yeah, I think that this also depends on the creator, but sometimes we cap it at 10K. Uh I I mean we started at 10K, right? Because these are new creators with a new account. So for them to actually hit 10K might be a little harder than the others. So that's one case. And for a little bit more size creators, not like a mega influencers, but maybe like 5 to 10k followers, we start from 100K. And we cap at,000 payout per video at max. And that's when you hit like 1 million and above views really. That's one thing. 10K to 50K is really to incentivize them to work harder and creating a right contents versus getting the download for us, right? Cuz if you think about it, the scale of economy really works for these videos. opposed to you hit 100k and above uh views in my opinion because below 100k it's usually not you know highest conversion uh and especially within 10k to 50k range you know it's more for getting the viral engine warmed up rather than actually getting the conversion so 10 to 50k we incentivize them so that they you know have a reason to create a better videos versus like trying to get a conversion or rewarding them because it's converting it's like employee retention right it's like bonuses like you you can't expect people to just grind for you. Like you have to kind of take them along the journey of I don't know. It's it's like dopamine, you know, like you get the money and you see the views that motivates you to go further and try harder. If you just say, "Hey, well, I'll give you $1,000 for a million views and then they don't get very many views on the first video." So that's where a lot of creators lose the motivation and they just stop creating even if they had the potential to reach that level in making sure there's incentives and like short-term goals along the way that so much more sustainable and you can create like a bigger engine with that. If you think about it, it's almost like three-phase thing, right? Like a first phase, I think before it was purely CPM basis and we saw a lot of creators actually fall off in the very beginning. So in order to reward them in the beginning that's why we came up with the you know small retainer to start with and then the midphase is like giving them enough incentive to go above scale economy which is 100k views. So from thousand to couple thousand views to 100k we're incentivizing them for them to stay with us as a retention mechanism and 100k and above they really do have a reason to stay with us cuz they will be properly incentivized with $1,000 is a pretty big money for college students right so every video that hits thousand I mean 100k view then you will be incentivized so I think those are the three kind of like a breakdowns of how we would retain the creators who are actually good and creates the right contents for us that's really great and then it must be a lot to manage all of this? Like it sounds very complex like right now. Is it a lot of work for you and your team to manage this whole organic engine? Is this something that you'd recommend for for founders to be doing right now? It is a lot of work, right? Cuz you yourself has to spend so much time on TikTok a day just to identify the right trend and work with agency to figure out if this is going to work or not. And obviously that requires a lot of energy and time. Uh but I do think it's worth doing it yourself in the beginning. uh and then later find the right people to work with. And I think that's what I did with you know your recommendation Joseph with you know Lauren and you know Jonathan and them like we're really like testing different teams out and then just trying to scale as fast as possible with that. So short answer yes I think it is worth it but you know it's not just oh like let them handle it right it will require some time for you to actually do it and all the tools that you developed Joseph actually did help a lot right like viral Tik Tok viewers right that you work with Janice and Lauren and Jonathan is also from consumer club who was like very scrappy growth hackers working with them definitely helped me scale this faster than not uh if I were to do this by myself I don't know if I could do it again yeah I'm not paying Jay to say any of this by the way, but thank you. Yeah, thank you for that. Yeah, happy to happy to do referrals anytime. So, it sounds like it's it is working well. It's like the referral just like building that organic engine is really paying off and it sounds like it's not necessarily just about the organic videos, right? So, you get these big viral videos on Tik Tok and then it sounds like you guys are doing ads as well. So, maybe you could like show some of the how this actually scales. 2023 we saw I guess we kind of like pioneered like organic growth from fintech perspective and we saw like organic growth obviously has like ups and downs of you know something goes viral and then you know it will be on viral for months but then after that it will tailor down and you got to find the new creatives and I think that time loop definitely made our spike of downloads go up and down and up and down and we wanted to somewhat make it consistent so we can scale this business quicker right so One thing that we learned is that if something goes viral and organic growth, you could run a you know focus paid ads towards you know right age group and just right continent like country and then double down on paid ads and that really brings a value to us. So once we saw some of these um high view uh videos tailored down we would use that as like our paid ads um and then really double down on how we can scale the business quickly. So, some of these videos, if you look at it, you downloaded Bloom when you were a freshman and now you're a junior with the only Tesla in the parking lot. Bloom teaches you how to invest, right? So, the first part is organic video that went viral by using organic growth method, but then the latter part actually explained the ad. So, we would start with organic growth video that would capture users um attention and then we transition into the download. These work pretty well for us and some of these brain rosty video of the mage runners, right? Underrated iPhone app. The blue map lets you buy stock while also holding your hand through the process. You can also get rewarded with free stock when you complete their educational material. Some of my friends were smart enough to take advantage of this and already had made tens of thousands of my teeth. So these kind of videos obviously is worked really well cuz like brain rot to PDF was pretty big last year and also leading into this year. So we use similar formats and then we indirect CTA this and then towards the end of the video you will see a small disclaimer download bloom so that it's most people will think this is organic and then later on it leads to download CTA that's how we kind of scaled our business uh using paid and you know kind of making the valley and peak a little flatter um and then making it go right and up right um so yeah that this is so insane I feel like like I feel like most people who run paid ads it's like if you're a marketer you follow the classic marketing frameworks like pain agitate solution or big dream outcome handle objections and show value prop or whatever. It's like this l this ad literally feels like a Tik Tok like that you would just scroll. So I like imagine you're like scrolling through the feed and you just see this and it's like oh what are some underrated iPhone apps? It almost like doesn't like you see the little ad marker maybe in the corner, but it doesn't register fully that like, oh, this is an ad because the the content is engaging. It's just like, oh, it's another Reddit story. Oh, that's interesting. I want to I want to watch this video. And then halfway in you, you talk about the app, but by then it's like it's still an engaging video and people are their their guard is so much lowered compared to if it's like explicitly just hard CTA right in the beginning. Um, but it looks like you sort of like modify the call to action when you turn the organic into an ad. Is that right? Like in for the organic, it sounds like it's a very soft CTA and then you kind of mention the app in the comments. For the ad is do you like modify it? Yeah, sometimes I do, sometimes I don't. Uh, it depends on the content. So, for example, this video with the Reddit, uh, what are some underrated iPhone apps? This one we didn't you know do anything but then if you look at the first video that I shared um we transition our CTA by showing our app to invest make money and earn passive income. It even gives you stocks for completing quizzes download now. So we add these um you know last 15 seconds of video by showing our apps uh which it didn't exist on you know initial organic virality but then we added this so we can lead to a better CTA cuz in the end you're paying for CTA right it's exposure as well but then it's got to lead to a CTA with a paid ad so that's why we add a little bit but if you read the verbage a little carefully like it's not download now um to be successful or to grow, right? It's download now to flex on your friends. So, it still has that feel of a little bit of organic growth um and organic content instead of a super direct CTA, but we still lead to CTA by um using a little bit variations of uh content. This is super helpful. Let's think about like this is the full funnel, right? So, you're you're looking at Tik Tok, maybe you see an organic video, maybe you see an ad, you're like, "Oh, this app seems really cool. I want to make more money." You download the app and then what you said in the beginning is like you know you have this broad big claims and you know very exciting ad or organic content and then how do you actually convert those users into paying users and having them be engaged you know for to have have those subscriptions be retained. Um maybe we can look into your payw wall and just like how you think about onboarding. We are still refining on boarding almost almost like every quarter at this point because I think where it falls off like so I guess stepping back finance apps conversion is really tough right cuz in the end you have to provide all your personal information you have to go through KYC and then it's your money that you're investing so they're very careful about um actually signing up versus let's say any other like learning apps or you know AI apps where it helps you with the homework there's straightforward reason for you to download from the beginning. But then for investing, I think it's a little different. They are very careful. They're much more mindful about how they want to invest their money. So we spend a lot of time on uh revising on boarding and this is our newest edition that's not live yet but it's like a straight rewarding program where like it gives you enough motivation to say if you invest x amount of dollars at age 18 which is earlier than normal then you will make a million by 65 but if you wait until 30 you end up only about 340k. So this gives a little bit of urgency for them to actually oh like I have to start today and then you know obviously with a little more classic where like it gives you a confidence by that we are on for we are on Fox we're on Yahoo we are based we're backed by um SIPC as well as like YC right so that it gives you a little bit more excitement we used to do this as continue but now we do as let's go where we're targeting more college students so we're like testing out a little bit of this verbage as well and then um we are giving a little more animated views use of like the Netflix and Tesla which is like a more of a memeified stock at this point. So you know it gives them a little more engaging contents. Um and then we are changing around the colors a lot so that they actually don't lose interest in the middle of the on boarding and then obviously with that you can click right side and skip everything and then go straight into it. And I think this is what a lot of apps do by giving reviews um so that they trust the app. So that's like the last section of our app by giving them the trust. So we start with urgency, explain the app with a lot of uh animations and colors so they don't lose focus and end give them trust by showing them trusted customer reviews. Um and this usually retained us pretty well in terms of downloads to actually signing up. So that's our revised onboarding and how we convert from onboarding by adding those information to actually getting them sign up to subscription is by showing this kind of uh CTA. So it's pretty simple, right? I think a lot of folks who join our app understands that there's gamification and learning components but they also know that there's a free stock uh and that's kind of a bait for users where if you sign up you will get a free stock instead of a free cash and I think given that it's an investing app instead of giving them free cash on their account giving them stock actually helped us a lot to give them a long-term growth mindset. So this is uh at this point we've used the same like a subscription uh funnel for about two to three quarters now which worked pretty well for us. We're changing around the numbers of dollars a little bit by I think $40 to $75 and $60 and changing around to see if that would impact our uh subscription uh which isn't as much but right now it's at the highest of $75 and we're testing this out for this quarter and next quarter. That's really interesting. So you're actually like giving users $75 just to just to like sign up up to. So there's a you know if you read there's a small disclaimer that's up to means that you know um when you sign up you get roughly anywhere between like $2 to $4 free stocks and then you can play games and do all the learnings and earn in-game currency which you can buy loot box with those which will unlock a fraction of stocks. So technically you can earn up to $75 but then it's not an immediate $75 in the beginning. Right. Right. Where the basic principle is like you're giving people incentives. It was almost like the like the gamification starts on day one. You're giving people rewards for doing the things that will help them like save and invest money over time. And you're just kind of frontloading that and saying hey look this is like the opportunity that you can make. I bet when you reach out to creators it's almost the same thing. It's like here's how much you could make and then okay and then once they're interested now it's like okay now here's the CPM here's the retainer. So that's really interesting. So like your onboarding psychology is like people are really excited. So you but and they're they have high intent you know they're about to they just downloaded the app they're interested to get started. You kind of remind them of like the feeling that they had when they first watched the ad or the organic. They're like thinking about, okay, now there's like some FOMO, some urgency. It's like the comparison of that. And then you go into features and like, okay, what are you actually getting out of this app? It's a real investing account. You can copy trade, learn about stocks, and like understand the market, gamification, get rewards, and then you go into like social proof, reviews, and then payw wall. Have you ever done like split testing and like for for onboarding? like have you have you find found any like interesting insights from like AB testing different types of onboarding or different pricing or any like big lift that came from those kinds of experiments? Yeah, we haven't done much of a pricing testing just because we already have a pretty you know decent sized user. So if we actually play around with the pricing I think there are some discrepancy of like how much uh they're paying to join. So we haven't done that so far but in terms of testing like a different style of on boarding we've done few and I think what was interesting was before we had a like a one screener that actually had all this information in one slide so this one this one and this one and this one was just all in same slide right um it was packed with words um that actually compared to just like a one slider where they can click and go to the next slide had a pretty big change right cuz heavy be worse, they really don't read it and they just see maybe stars and a little bit of graphic and they skip. So, they kind of lose the whole point of why they're joining the app versus after this launch, I think it definitely did uh lift our adding information uh funnel, right? So, from download to adding their personal information, uh this new style definitely did um lift our actual sign up. It's kind of counterintuitive, right? Cuz like people would think that if you have to click to more and more screens, there's going to be drop off at every single tap. But what you're saying is you've divided one screen into like five different screens. Why are people like going through all these different screens instead of just like turning off of that? Wouldn't it be better to have like just one screen? But clearly the data doesn't say so. But I'm just curious why you think that works. Exactly. So there's the second part to this where we had a get started button here versus not having any buttons. and not having any buttons actually worked better. So meaning if they can't like get started, they would actually read everything and understand it. I think that was one difference. And I think second thing that this format worked better is because everyone's so used to story format from Instagram. They just unthinkingly they just click right side and they know that the screen flips. And I think that's how we designed our learning contents as well. And I think that really helped for them to kind of intuitively just walk around and just like skip if they want to just scroll all the way without reading much, but they would still understand how that works. So with that, I think it just better like user experience for them. Uh cuz they know what they're doing versus Wordheavy. I think it's just like a waste of space, waste of another screen that they don't read through and then just becomes nothing. Hey, just a quick pause. Jay is a member of Consumer Club is a Discord community of app founders that have traction and are discussing all these growth strategies. Big thanks to Superwall for sponsoring the episode as well for sponsoring Consumer Club. Let's get right back into the this payw wall. Yeah, let's talk about how fast do you feel like trends get cycled through cuz like you know there's like an early adopter curve where people like start doing a format and then all the other marketers do the same format and then it saturates cuz consumers get used to it and they see it as ads. How like how fast is that cycle? Like do you and and then also like if you had to predict like what do you think is the next format? Yeah, I think the cycle usually changes every 3 to six months depending on how viral this narrative goes and I think billionaire and nanny story specifically like really run for quite a while. I think it did for like six months. Um, and that hijen era definitely did go for a while versus I think trend now for like Q1 and Q2 of this year was like really around study talk and a lot of these like AI homework narratives that worked really well but the problem with that was because we were a fintech company not a actual study talk company um the conversion was actually lower even though we get the views. zone with that. I think now a lot of people are interested in carousel because what goes viral without any organic growth or just general content is really around carousel and I think Tik Tok is really pushing carousel as like a main feature on their platform and I I'm really not sure why they're pushing this narrative but seems like it is working well for them. So for next, um I'm really not sure to be honest, right? I'm not sure what's going to come next, but I do see a lot of Bible apps going really well and I think there is just like generally social disconnect amongst like younger generations where they feel like they need to rely more on like absolute power or they need to rely on something else rather than just like a going out and hanging out with friends. like alpha male I think contents that's like oh work hard study hard like invest make sure you take care of your body I think that narrative still resonates to a lot of people and I think god theme is like super interesting for me and I think therapy is another thing that really resonates so I think it's more of a lowkey like a self-care narrative that's going to go viral but um yeah I'm curious to hear your thoughts on this as well yeah if you like truly want to pioneer marketing formats and be the first to go super viral with by like taking advantage of like big narratives and movements that already exist. I feel like you you have to like pay attention to culture and like understand what people are thinking about and feeling. I totally agree. I mean, I've I've definitely been seeing a lot of Bible apps, like prayer apps, stuff like therapy, especially with AI, you can like talk to an AI therapist or just have a have like the AI like understand what you're feeling based on your voice notes or your journal entries seem to be saying about you. It seems like it's not just like the obvious opportunity here is to do AI therapy apps. Yeah. To your point, it seems like there's also like you can bring it to other verticals like the Bible chat for example. It's like it's a prayer app or it's like a reading the Bible app, but you're like chatting. It's like it's a more like interactive experience. So, do you feel like there's opportunity to do fintech in a more right now it's already gamified versus personalized like Bloom is probably, you know, one of the best that does that. So, but do you feel like you can learn anything from some of these like viral like Bible apps or this like general movement around people feeling lonely, feeling like they need some sort of like something bigger than themselves to attach themselves to and like stuff like that? Yeah, I think in a very high level I think self-care like relates well with investing like you have to invest for your future. I think so that like from therapy angle it's like get therapy make sure you invest for a better future so you can retire early. I think that narrative could definitely work. Another interesting angle with the Bible and praying app is if you actually look or read through Bible Proverbs 13-11 like there's like this you know verse where it's like don't waste your money make sure you invest make sure you actually save wisely. So obviously with that angle I think there's a narrative where I can spin off from the Bible narrative and then just make sure that everyone is investing wisely instead of just wasting money. So, I think you can always like tweak the narrative a little bit that will fit into your narratives that we're like very early on in testing this strategy, but who knows if it might go viral or not. Um, I'm slowly going to test on this angle as well. But yeah, I think you can always tweak the narrative a little bit that will fit into your need. Now that you say that, I guess like the framework is you look at an existing movement and then you can make a marketing angle for that movement. You don't even need to make an app specifically for them. It's just a marketing angle. Like if you think about It really reminds me of Twitter. Like they recently hit 100 or 200k a month. Um and it's like a quit pornography app helps you to like deal with that like addiction. But they're target like a lot of their organic content and ads is targeted towards Christians and they have that angle because a lot of Christians care about that painoint. But in the app, it's not like a Christian app. It's just it it's the painoint solution for that specific niche. But it's not like a it's not targeted towards the audience. Just the marketing is targeted towards the audience. So I feel like you can do this really with any app. It's like whatever app you have, you just look at an existing social movement. What is a pain point? What is the solution that people are looking for? You can offer your thing to that audience. Are you are you guys going to do that or like with any like I guess with the Bible movement or any any other like demographic? Yeah. Uh, I'm looking into it and trying to test it out with just like a one or two accounts maybe and see if anything picks up. Uh, we haven't tried it just yet, but I think Bible for sure and I think self-care uh is the next one that I'm trying to see if it makes sense cuz like so many therapy apps and a lot of people actually use AI to have a daily conversation. So, that narrative is definitely picking up. Um, so I'm going to tweak and see if that's going to pick up. Um, be a better man, be a better woman. um how do I become a better human? Then I think you can obviously like first do this and second invest wisely. Three don't waste your money. Fourth, download Bloom, right? I think act parasel can definitely work. Um so we'll definitely test it out in coming month. Yeah, I'm super excited to see how that goes. People should follow you on LinkedIn or Twitter or something to to see the updates or join consumer club and see your your share win in a in a couple months. Yeah. But so I I do want to like so all this marketing stuff I feel like when people talk think about marketing and the future of content formats and what goes viral and algorithms AI is scaring a lot of people like more and more content is just becoming AI which makes the barrier to entry for mass marketing it just lowers that barrier to entry so more and more marketers can just produce mass amounts of content. Do you feel like content is getting saturated? Are you scared about like AI marketing in the future? Yeah, I generally think it it will be interesting down the road. It is getting saturated and so many people can actually create content so easily now, right? Like even us, we scaled to, you know, 20 accounts because we have Hen, right? So, I do think that content saturation will be a problem. In the end, creativity wins. It's like even the prompts that you create for AI is based on your creativity not just copy and paste right obviously a copy and paste what's going viral will always work and it will be easier to scale with AI and which will saturate the market and in the end it comes back to a same position where you need to be creative you need to think about the right narratives whether with or without the AI so I think there is still you know play in contents if you are smart enough savvy enough and study enough of the market trend and just come up with the narrative. It is scary though. It is scary cuz there's going to be, you know, another 21 years old, 20 years old who can actually scale AI skill way quicker than, for example, me. I'm 30 something. I will learn as not as quick as people who use AI from high school, middle school, and just like grow up with AI, right? So, it is scary that I'll be not as competitive, but obviously with that, I need to hire the right people. But I think overall, I think it's for for good than worse. Yeah. But you're you're already in the top like 1%. Like the fact that you're doing all this stuff and you're keeping up with the trends and you're identifying the young talent that knows how to do the execution. This is like the cutting edge. Also, I just like surrounding myself with optimistic people. And I like your answer that's just like, yeah, like it's going to get saturated, but we have a window of arbitrage where you can take advantage of it. You may as well win from it and not just like sit on the sidelines. So, I love that you guys are just you're going to be on the winning side of this. So that's like very inspiring to to see. Yeah. If there's people listening that have an app and they're not quite at that scale stage where they've built up a big marketing engine, but they do have budget to like try marketing experience, try to get their first like few thousand users, few thousand. What would you suggest like today if someone is trying to get started with let's say a $10,000 budget? What marketing would you do first to get a bunch of users, get your your first like chunk of revenue? I think I would do this in twofolds. Uh, if you have $10,000 budget, obviously leveraging V2 or V3, like some sort of a video generation AI contents and then making sure you can scale that cuz like that's the least cost effective I mean the most cost effective way to actually scale an account and make one account really viral. So then we can definitely do it internally and just have a prompt that you can even create via GPT. So you can use full AI funnel to create the prompt and then feed that into the journey or you know V2, V3 from Gemini and then create these contents and then grow to certain scale. I think that's a quick win that you can do with a low budget. And then two is finding right creator via like sides shift or the handshake and then growing maybe just small creator program the two to three without agency you yourself can study through all these tools that's finding trends on the viral Tik Tok trackers growth acting tools and then finding those trends and recreating those videos and then scaling that to two to three creators and then later to five creators I think could be a quick way to scale initial downloads. I think that's how I probably break it down in the first two to three months just to spend 10k budget on initial growth of that. You just gave like a really good tool stack. So first was like AI generated content. This is super brand new is like literally like last week they released Google released V3 which is just it's crazy how the how it looks. Like Google just released this like May 20th and and V3 is insane. I I I was like blown away by the quality of the videos. This is completely AI. It's just I wonder how many prompts this takes. Okay, here's the prompts. Look. Back seat of a taxi zebra print cloth with jellyfish floating around. That's so Oh my gosh. And like the motion. It's like it it does camera motion, too. There's like I just saw camera shake there. The lighting was perfect. The hands and the face are are perfect, too. It's not like weird AI looking. And then how much does this cost? Is this like free to use right now? No, I think I am not sure exactly how much. I think there's a free trial for a month, I believe. And V3 is like I I don't know why, but they made it really hard for just normal people to download. So, you got to like dig into buttons to see how you can use it. But, I think it was like $20 a month for the cheapest one, and then it goes up from there. Uh, but I need to double check on this. I am not 100% sure. Yeah, that's still that's still so crazy. Yeah, but V2 is good enough. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. This is crazy. Yeah, there's so much experimentation you could do with this. What would you what would you use this for? Like how do you prompt this to make like useful marketing videos? So, I don't do too much face contents with the AI creations. I think I do more of like a VI videos where like let's say for example for our narrative for fintech it's like people like flashy stuff and they want to invest so they can buy like a nice cars or nice homes. So there's a lot of like a angle moving within the house with a nice view of like balcony you know overlooking the ocean. Um and then the you know layover text would be like if you invested in you know Netflix back five years ago you might be sitting in this house or you know u McLaren or like Porsche just pulls out on the corner and then you kind of like go around with the camera and then show us a car and then that will kind of you know ignite certain emotions within you. Oh maybe I can invest and buy this car or maybe I can invest and live this lifestyle. That's how I use the contents creation for AI nowadays versus like before if I had to use tian and like do a lot of like TED talks. Uh I use more for just like creating these kind of like a view videos. People do enjoy views. I think like you know if you don't have a luxury to travel to exotic places I think just being in the moment by viewing the videos that actually kind of helps. Um so I think that's kind of the past few month of how I use the AI tools to create videos. As a tangent, this reminds me of like how gurus like rent lambos just to like put in a video. You don't need to rent the Lambo anymore. You just generate it. Yeah. Like lifestyle. It's like lifestyle compilation footage. Um like B-roll like the cost of that has like is now like near zero and you can just like prompt and like like get unlimited lifestyle footage for Yeah. For B-roll. Exactly. And I think a lot of people use this tool to like create those like a brainwave videos where you know like there's like a paper you cut it exactly in half and like those satisfying videos. You can obviously create those with these. I haven't tried much on those but I've heard some success story with creating just like a very satisfying videos and overlay text and do interact via that as well. And then you mentioned a few other tools that I'm just going to quickly go through. So you mentioned spy talk looking at in order to find viral videos that are already working and then like copying those formats. So um sounds like you guys been doing that and then to find creators you mentioned sides shift hire genz UGC creators. Yeah it sounds like that's a useful marketplace. And then I think you mentioned what was the other tool? Shake. It's similar but handshake is something that I also use. Right. And you can just hire college students. Yeah. Spy talk is, you know, really helpful to identify the trend, right? Cuz, you know, you can obviously type it on um Tik Tok with the hashtag and try to find the right videos, but then I think this really aggregates all the right trends based on the keywords. Um, and this really helps with just, you know, finding the right niche to target. Um, so this I would use as a research tool. AI tools I would use it as you know content creation and then handshake and sides shift I use it to recruit creators. Yeah, that's a complete stack like inspiration, market research, finding creators and then creating content yourself with generated stuff. That's a great stack for anyone who's just starting out. I guess we can just close with what's one piece of advice actionable as possible that you could give someone to build a growth engine as as crazy and successful as as Blooms. The biggest one is just keep doing it. I think that's the advice. It's like you you can get jaded by just trying a month or two and nothing hits and you just kind of want to give up. But I think consistency in the end is what scales the business. It's like you might be lucky in the day one and you know hit a viral videos cuz if you you know warm up properly and then somehow you just got in a right algo and then immediately hits 100k view great good for you but then most cases it takes time to scale you know I would almost say 90 days is the minimum amount of time that you should give yourself to make any video viral that 90day period can be painful obviously as a you know founder bootstrapped not much money you don't have much time but I think being consistent is what drives drives the success there. So as cliche as it sounds like keep trying until something hits and right now I'm in that phase where like you know I'm I'm not making much viral videos in past you know 60 days and I'm getting tired like waking up oh like am I going to hit something viral today but like if you you know zoom out just give time and it it will happen um if you just keep trying every day. So I think consistency is what will make you a good founder marketer um growth hacker whatever that is. Thanks so much, Jay. This was an awesome conversation. I learned a lot from it. Jay, CEO of Bloom. Thanks so much. Thank you, Joseph. That was insane. Jay is the CEO of Bloom app and he's one of the members of Consumer Club, the online community for app founders that are killing it with a lot of organic strategies and just really focus on growth hacking. So, you guys check out Consumer Club and of course, this is the Superwall YouTube channel. So, check out Superwall to get deep on payw walls. A lot of consumer club members use Superwall. So, big thanks for for Superwall for sponsoring this episode as well.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [5/28] How I make $42k/mo passively with simple no-code apps (copy me)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAi50V_eIRA
Duration: 62:40
Words: 13,682

Kyle Fowler has made $700,000 from two simple apps he built years ago. But the real interesting part is that these apps have been earning $10,000 basically passively every month for 2 years straight, all while he was in college. He does this with two apps, Cardstock and Scanon. Currently, the apps make $41,000 in monthly recurring revenue. He's never taken VC funding, just him, his friend from Wendy's, and a Reddit post that got 12 paid downloads on launch day. He's come a long way since then. >> And it was $4.99 on the app store. Yeah, the first Reddit post was like how we got our initial like downloads, I think. Here's the launch launch day. We got 12. So, the Reddit post did its job. But no, this isn't just luck. Kyle's secret weapon is ASO, app store optimization. He spent two weeks researching keywords like baseball card scanner and find value for baseball cards. Put them in his title and held the number one ranking in the app store for 2 years. Zero ad budget, just people searching the app store and finding his app. But it all changed when he lost his rankings in May 2024 and had to figure out a new channel fast. So he did what nobody would expect. He hired his friend Jacob from Wendy's to make Tik Toks. Neither of them knew what they were doing and their first videos were barely getting more than 20 likes. But they kept iterating until they cracked a format. Show a desirable card for 3 to 5 seconds. Scan it with the app in your hand and then reveal the value of the app. Repeat this 9,000 times across different creator accounts. We've generated like 8,000 like 7,600 posts in the last month. And we paid 2,600 for this amount of views. you know, like that's not very much money for a lot of views, but it's the sheer bulk of posts that just leads to like conversion rate. >> So, in this pod, we break down Kyle's exact ASO research process using free tools, how he reverse engineered Tik Tok slideshow formats to scale to 150 plus creators, why he thinks everything works instead of obsessing over which channel is best, and how he's using a niche platform to generate thousands of videos at a dollar CPM. This is a master class from Kyle Fowler on bootstrapping ASO and the power [music] of just doing the thing. This is the Superall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the Consumer Club Discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their payw walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwall. But one thing you might not know is Superwwell has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own paywall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pod. How did you get the idea for this app? So, the origin story is that I was in back in 2020 or back in 2019 even, I wanted to sort and catalog my baseball cards. And as I was doing, I was like, "Oh, well, like I'd love to digitize them while I sort them." And so, I went on the app store to look for an app. And no app existed. And I was getting into app development at the time. This is like way preI or anything. So, I'd done a course on it and so I was like, "Oh, I guess I'll build it." And then I started building it and knew nothing, but like kind of got into it. And then I eventually like stopped working on it for a while until some dude on Reddit DM'd me and was like, "Hey, you still working on this?" Cuz I made like a Reddit post to validate my idea before building because I'd seen on Twitter or some something that I was supposed to do that. So, I like had a Reddit post and 10 people replied and I was super excited about it. But anyway, this dude reached out. I have the I don't know if it makes sense. I was I have the screenshot of this dude DMing me. >> Yeah. Yeah. Wait, let's see the screenshot. >> But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, this is back. You can see like six years ago that this dude was uh DMing me and I was like, "How do you mention it? I left it unfinished cuz like literally I couldn't figure out how to put images in the card rows on like or in the rows in the list because it's still way harder than it should have been at the time to do that. But I was just like I knew nothing and this dude reached out and then so I owe it all to this guy on Reddit I guess cuz without this >> nothing. I I don't know if I would have ever finished it >> but I just like completely forgotten about it. So, you made a Reddit post. Did the Did that initial post get a lot of reception for the idea? >> It didn't get like crazy reception, but like I made it in r/ baseball cards, which wasn't like a huge subreddit, >> but I got I don't know. I mean, like 12 people replied or something or like 15 maybe and they were like, "Oh, I I'd love to use this." And so that gave me a decent amount of validation. It's funny thinking about it now because now we make Tik Toks that go to, you know, thousands and thousands of people and with tons and tons of comments, way more engagement, but like that Reddit post was like huge for us. >> Interesting. So, did you get did you actually get like users and revenue from that first Reddit post? Uh, well, this first post was before I even made it, but yeah, once I launched the app, after I like got back into it and made it and it was $4.99 on the app store. Yeah, the first Reddit post was like how we got our initial like downloads, I think, cuz that was before I knew anything. So, it was pretty cool. And I kept posting updates as we made new updates and stuff. >> I've noticed this about popular apps. They kind of get their start on Reddit from the founder themselves. like the founders just saying like, "Hey, I had this problem and I decided to make an app for it." Was that kind of like the vibe of your first launch post on Reddit? >> Exactly. Yeah, it was um just very like Yeah, very much just like, "Hey, I made this." And it helped that I made the validation post before cuz then I was able to be like, "Hey, I hope some of you guys some of you guys might remember me posting about this [music] and I heard that that happened." I know it's a big thing that a lot of people try to use Reddit for marketing now and it's like so probably optimized more but definitely made it not seem like an ad. Like I I just felt like I'm I wasn't really a member of the community so I felt very it was very hard for me to like post at the time cuz I felt like I was I'm not a big social media guy so it was weird but >> I see. So it was this one right here r/ baseball cards. Yeah, you can if you look up uh cards stock on the on I don't know if it sure it'll show up there. Oh, well, it's that one right there. >> Oh, is this >> actually? Yeah. >> Oh, this one. >> Yeah, >> the third >> that was the launch post. >> Wow. Six years ago. Okay, nice. >> So, like Yeah, like I linked to the post, the original post and said that and like you look at the like you Oh my god. Like you look at the original stuff. Any plans for Android? Still waiting on the Android app. But >> so people, this is pretty cool. Like you you actually said like, "Hey, I made this baseball card scanning app um a few months ago. I made a post about it and got a good response and now I finally built it and it's $4.99 on the app store and you actually linked it." This is pretty interesting. I feel like a lot of subreddits are kind of like anti-selfpromotion and stuff like that. Did you have any issues like getting around the subreddit rules and stuff like that? Yeah, because I I built it. Um there's a lot more to my story, but uh when I ended up hiring two of my friends during COVID to work with me and we just split the rev 3030 or like three ways and so I had one of them who was kind of our like marketing person even though he was still we were all developers but he did some of the Reddit post and so later on like in r/OC cards I think I got banned and they got kind of annoyed about it but I was just like I didn't really care at the time cuz I knew I was building something that directly helped people and it would make their like and I had validation from the prior posts. So, a little bit of trouble, but none on baseball cards. They were nice. But some of them just didn't get that many views, but knowing what I know now about uh hook optimization and stuff, I didn't know anything. I was just kind of like, "Oh, let me just try to make an engaging title here and hope it works out." >> That's awesome. Do you remember how many downloads or how many um paying subs you got from this one post, launch post? >> I mean, I can look on the thing. I have app store connect pulled up here. Let me I can share that real quick. I don't think it was anything like crazy. But let's see here. Total downloads. Yeah, it was definitely a few though. Like the launch I remember like cuz we weren't making a ton of money, but it was a little bit enough that when I recruited my friends, I was able to be like, we won't make a ton, but we'll make some. Here's the launch. La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la launch day. We got 12. So, the Reddit post did its job, >> right? But that's cool because it was 12 paid downloads, which I think a lot of people would just do like the free uh free download and then subscription model, but you just did straight to paid. So, it was like 12 12 paid downloads. So, that was like five times 12, $60 on day one. So, did you >> which is low, but you know, >> right? But but just from one Reddit post which was free to make and you just like wrote a couple paragraphs just saying, "Hey, I made this app." >> Exactly. And I think it's pretty interesting cuz knowing what I know now, it's kind of fun to see a lot of people get into the space via like even consumer club and like uh a lot like app Twitter or app X whatever. Like it's funny because like I didn't know anything. I was just like, "Oh, I want to make an app." And then I tried to research my best, but you know, I was just like, "Oh, I guess I'll charge $5 for it." It didn't even cross my mind that like doing premium was an option or something that I could do. >> Right. So, do you recommend >> That's kind of funny. >> Do you recommend subs to anyone or sorry um like paid download apps at all to to anyone to try or were you just doing cuz that was what you just the first thing you thought of? It [snorts] was the first thing I just knew it would be easy because then I knew I wouldn't have to handle paid. I mean, honestly, these days with stuff like guess I got to promote Super Well, but uh the stuff like Super Wall is so easy. There's just no reason not to do a like a hard pay wall. If you if you want to if you insist on it, you might as well just do free cuz the switch to switch to free for us was by far like the biggest revenue jump ever for us. It was insane. >> What was the revenue jump when you switched to free? Let me just keep expanding here until I find it. But like it was crazy. Like initially we took a little bit of a hit. I think I'm trying to remember all the dates. I was about to have Pack go through and make us a story line, but when we switched I think it was probably like here cuz we were already getting No, it couldn't have been there. It It has to be like this. I'm telling you this giant bump has to be the switch to paid. >> Yeah. on the on the graph cuz it was pretty crazy when we switched. I remember like I had had a few calls with people. A few people were trying to like hire me cuz they saw the app and they saw that I wasn't making like that much money. They were trying to like recruit me to work for their pro like similar products in the space. And then at some point I just like people kept mentioning that I should switch to a free trial and I was just like I just could not believe anyone would pay $5 recurring. I was like, "It costs $15 for a Netflix subscription. Who's paying a third of that for cards stock?" And then they people were like, "Just make it $5 a month. People will buy it." And I was like, "People are paying $5 for lifetime access forever right now." And people were like, "Nope, they'll buy it." And then so I did it and switched to that and it exploded from there. Like that was when our revenue really started grow cuz cuz maybe the the downloads I guess were actually pretty high. Like you can see they weren't actually that big of a jump ever because by this time for sure had all like come come about but >> and what was your pricing plan >> or five a month 50 a year and 99 lifetime >> cool >> was how I did it and we started with a lifetime access. >> Yeah. >> But so what did you do for growth? How did you grow from $60 on launch day to switching to a free model? Are you just continuously posting on Reddit or are you doing other growth strategies? >> Right. Yeah, the um the biggest growth like the initial hit we just kind of like had that uh initial post and just let downloads trickle in which I assume were from ASO but I didn't know. I just kind of had the if if you build it they'll come strategy which doesn't really work but worked a little in our case cuz it was so niche. But eventually I heard about uh Apple had this $100 free ASA promotion like for app store ads and that kind of got me into the idea. I looked into that and I was like, "Oh, if I'm going to spend $100, I want to use it optimally." So then I Googled and looked around at some websites on uh like I think uh Sensor Tower, whatever um app figures, they had some posts on it about ASO and optimizing that for organic downloads. And it just made so much sense to me. I was like, "Oh my gosh, all I have to do is change this and then people can just find me naturally by searching the right keywords in the app store." We optimized for that pretty early. That was huge for us downloads wise. That was when we really started taking off. I think that was actually probably the spike we saw on there. >> Interesting. What were the keywords that you optimized for? >> Yeah, so we optimized for baseball card scanner was the biggest one. We held the number one spot for that keyword for two or three years honestly because there were some competitors in the space by the way. First one to make a like baseball card scanner app. So I'll take credit for that. First one in the app store and now there's a billion of them if you search them and most of them not not even all like clones of our app or anything. Some of them do things different but there weren't any. I think there might have been a Pokemon card scanner before but I'd never heard of it so it was fun to invent that. But yeah, no, the we optimized for baseball card scanner, baseball card value, like basically anything that felt like it was worth it. Like I did the free trial of the sensor tower and looked at all the top keywords that were related or I just kind of brainstormed a list and there's tons of good resources about how to do this online, but I just brainstormed a list of ideas and things and then checked the keyword rankings and then just picked the most highv value ones I could to fit into my title and top. So we had like the whole thing is this card stock sports card scanner. So because baseball card scanner doesn't fit in the keyword amount and then it was like find value for baseball cards I think was our thing. And so we had that high ranking keyword for so long and it it brought us in like all all the rev for like like it got us from like 10k recurring forever. Yeah. You can see the find value like it's still the same thing. Like I spent like a week or two weeks like really researching and diving into what it meant ASO, but then the rewards we reaped were insane. And now like there's a lot of competition in the keyword space now or in the space now. So >> like or most things, but >> like especially if you're in a smaller niche or you're like in a novel new idea, like optimizing ASO can be such a big win because it brought us in like I was making like 14K I guess not recurring, like probably like 9 or 10K recurring revenue, but for a long time without any marketing for like a couple years all through college when I was growing. >> That's insane. You're making like nine tk a month for two years straight >> while you like it was like from it grew pretty crazy. Yeah, it was just like I mean you can see on the on the chart it was just like Yeah, it was insane just purely from people searching and so we had that number one spot and we lost that in like May of 2024 and I kind of started tweaking at that point cuz I was like this is bad. I need to find another revenue stream. But like yeah, I mean it was it was really good and like not much done to the app. Like I was kind of doing I was floating, doing school, traveling a lot and it still was just making passive income. >> Okay, so you broke out you broke out from 10K a month. You did find some other revenue stream or some other marketing channel, but let's go back for a second. And what were the keywords that you were doing before you kind of discovered the highv value keywords of basically like find value for baseball cards and baseball card scanner and then sports card scanner. It sounds like those are basically the keywords that you tried to optimize for. But what was it before? >> Dude, I'm almost certain I had like I didn't even have keywords in the title. I'm pretty sure it was just card stock and then find like I don't even think I had a subtitle. >> I think it was just card stock. So before before I found the optimization, we weren't really getting that much passive at all. It was just >> if people searched it because I had no idea that's even how it worked. >> Yeah. I feel like people like to complicate ASO or make it sound like mysterious, but it sounds like you just did the bare minimum research, just went on Sensor Tower, just uh did like the free audit thing that the app store gave you, and then you just chose like ones that seemed good, and then you just put them in your title. Don't get me wrong, I did do a lot of research and I'm way over perfectionistic. So, I thought a lot about it before launching, even though I know now what I should have done is just get, you know, done the bare minimum, put in the keywords and tested. And I I've done some tweaks and testing since then. But yeah, I think the best advice for I could ever give for ASO is literally just go on Sensor Tower. And I haven't done as much research for other niches. So I don't know, maybe some niches have more keywords and more longtail, but I've done a ton of ASO research with Censor Tower and I track everything on Astro, which is a like on a Macbased app for it. But yeah, like just putting the basic highv value ones there. It's so good and you just order them by their priority and [music] what you want to do. And there's some more detail to it, but like at the end of the day, just putting them in there is such a big win that takes like no time. >> That's really interesting. In a second, I'm gonna ask you to go back to your chart because it's a it's a big number on that lifetime chart. I feel like a lot of people are getting their first win with their apps like this year or last year and they're going really viral on TikTok and they get to like 10 20k a month. But for you, you've been making at least 10K a month passively for years, which [laughter] is it's a different model, you know, like but it's pretty nice. Like if you figure out a keyword niche that is a gap in the market, you can just make 10K a month like forever at least until you kind of like lose that lose the ranking, which it sounds like you kind of slipped in the rankings and then you found other marketing channels. So we'll get to that in a second, but can we go back to your lifetime chart? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I got that. >> There we go. 700K lifetime. That's crazy. And it's it's fairly consistent. Like it's been at least 10K a month for like a very long time. Yeah. Those two years in between there, that's like 10k a month passive every month. >> It's pretty crazy to look at that we went from like, you know, making like nothing in to like like this is all we were launched in here. Like this was I was running it. We did it. I worked a whole summer, two whole summers in here until [music] like I think I remember now like this is definitely the time when I launched the subscription like the 2021 that was the big jump is we started we switched to subscriptions. It was just a long time in between because it was a whole summer and a year and then we launched subscriptions and started like actually growing. Like if you were starting ASO today and you're trying to find a new app niche that's underserved and your goal is to just make 10K a month passively for the next two years. How would you do that keyword research? Yeah, honestly I'm not the best at knowing that because you know I had my one niche. I've done app development the wrong way from every what everyone would say and everyone on Twitter loves to talk about of like throw a bunch of [ __ ] at the wall and see what sticks. Like I threw one thing at the wall and it stuck. So, I get it's a little tough, but from what I know about it is the best thing is just to like come up with ideas that seem helpful and then look on the app store if they are being served or maybe you find something that's like an adjacent thing. Like I would just look for problems that like bother you in your daily in like daily life and then try to generalize it enough to make sense. You can do a free free trials of sensor tower for like one month with as many emails as you want and then or Astro. You put in the keywords and then check the keyword ranking and then see if the popularity is high enough to justify it. It's the best advice I can give. But >> okay, no, that's helpful though. So, let's talk about Tik Tok. How did you break out from your 10K a month to now doing, you know, 30 40K a month? Uh, sounds like organic social was a big part of it. Like I I've been doing this 10k recurring and I've been working with my uh friends and they went off and got internships and stuff because that was their journey I guess. But it was always my I always had 100% ownership. So it was always my thing and I knew going into this that I'd been like having fun and I'm making 10k but I was going to lock in once um once I stopped college and like really grow my company. And I finally graduated and I went to Europe and came back and then I was like one of my friends I play competitive roundn net or spikeball. So, one of my best friends I'd met from there did a lot of like social media stuff. He's a big in on the social media game for them. So, I was like, "Oh, well, it sounds like like all these brands are posting a ton on TikTok. Like, there must be a reason for that." So, like I was just imagining like brand content like thinking like Dolingo or like Flickbus or Britta, like that style of thing. And I was like, "Hey, I'll hire you. You're working at Wendy's." brought him on board and we had no idea what we were doing, but we just started making some social media posts. Like if you go on cards stockck and you go look at the beginning ones, it's pretty funny like what we tried to do cuz like I didn't know like I didn't know anything like the first one like we were trying to mimic some like drop shipping stuff or the ne the next one's better. But like we spent so long on this video trying to uh like figure out how to do it. We like oh like I wonder how many it's going to get and it's like like 23 likes, you know, and there's no downloads. But we were sitting there with our uh ring light type stuff and lamps and you know really trying to mimic the whole idea. I always knew that the idea would be mimicking existing content. I knew that from the beginning. So I don't know why I knew that but I always figured that would be the thing but then [music] between me and I didn't want to make any. So Jacob did did it all and he was uh good. And we uh we we found some like some of these you'll see I I can't remember the first one that was success but we tried for a long time without any like we tried the memes and we tried a lot of stuff and yeah eventually we found this we tried to like do a silent pack opening cuz we saw that one working and we were able to like get some success there. But the thing is is like this didn't convert to downloads because there's no like there's no app promo. I just imagined that the way it worked is that if you grew your brand page, like people would see, oh, the cards stockck app, oh, that's a thing, and then go go go like click the link in bio and and download it. But over time, we learned that that's not how it works at all. We still had a ton of ASO ranking. Oh, that it had 184. That grew a lot over time cuz it didn't used to. This was the first format that we found out like or this was kind of one that worked. You can see the app in hand. And we um we went to card shows cuz uh I don't know if you're familiar with sports code shows. Essentially just a bunch of people get together and buy and sell cards. So we went there and there's a huge scene on Tik Tok for um like people like sellers and stuff like posting videos about them at the shows and stuff. And we realized that we could actively use cards stock to make great deals and make better deals than most people. Like at when we go to shows, we out compete most people because we have better data and cards stock is a great product for finding the value of cards. So like like we went to a show um earlier this year and we found a $500 card and they were selling it for 30 bucks and we bought it for 30 bucks and then flipped it the next show and we sold it for like 500 bucks cuz that's how it works. But yeah, we had these fire videos ended up doing good. There's uh one that's really good somewhere that Jacob made. But this box style was pretty good. We just kind of like we eventually took the like generic videos that were doing well. Like we just went to the first one that you saw with one in 84K, went to the card shows and condense that into like more of a hook demo style. That's why you can see all these like repeatable ones. So the basic format that you discovered was you show a card that's like desirable and then you show that for like 3 to 5 seconds and then you pop up the app phone in hand and then you directly demonstrate the product, scan the card and it shows like hey this is how much it's worth. So there's sort of like a a little bit of suspense because you have the text on the screen as well in the hook that says what this MJ card worth and then [music] the viewer has to wait a few seconds and it scans and then it shows the value >> and then in the comments there's a couple people that say hey what's the app? >> Yes, exactly. That's the whole premise. Like the goal is the what's the app comments. That's that's the whole goal cuz you don't talk about like we've done a few where like you actually mention card stuff like Jacob voices over these so he's like talk like it the thing will be like I was at a card show in Orlando and I found this Michael Jordan card and then like sometimes he talks about it just to keep it engaging throughout. I actually have I can screen share that you were asking about um the documents like yeah >> that's interesting. So it's it's basically a vlog. It kind of reminds me of these like garage sale videos where with Gary Vee or like other people like resellers and stuff like that where they're just vlogging their experience like showing kind of like the thrill of the hunt like here's here's what I found at the you know at the value bins or at the conference or whatever and then they're literally just voice overing like hey here I found this one. I found this one. Here's how much it was worth. Maybe I bought this one. Maybe I sold this one. But the entire time you're like scanning each card that you see with the app and this one I noticed you actually called out app link in bio in the text caption of the Tik Tok. Do you feel like that increases the conversion rates? >> I don't know that I could say with like enough certainty that it does. But I I would say probably no. I'd say sometimes call to actions are nice based on the type of video, but if you're able to like not it's not really needed like the the people will see the app on screen. One big thing we did do though is eventually we added uh in the scanner it says like cards stock at the top like a bit like there's a logo within the scanner and that's big I think I think honestly a lot of these videos on this channel are older because we have more like we have some newer ones. I think Jacob reposted cuz you can kind of do that on Tik Tok now. I was going to show you if you want the visual I condensed all the knowledge I thought about what made Tik Tok videos go viral at some point. This is my like core Tik Tok strategy and it was like hook users and like I wrote down like all the keys to success. I thought like this is all like a hook and then underneath it is all my thoughts about a hook and like what matters and every single aspect and like story tell like storytelling commentary. That's what I I just said with Jacob talking about it the whole time. And like every action text word should have a purpose. Like people love to just like put stuff on the screen and sometimes there's a there's merit to it like cuz you know you like you can't prioritize making every second but every second counts. Like every single action in text should be done for a reason if you can control it. That's why we condense down to those like value bin ones cuz it's so easy to control. Like some of the negotiations are better and stuff but it's like you don't know what people are going to say and then you have to cut it and hope that like they just say good things. you can't control where the camera goes. In this case, like we know we can control the hook. We can test different texts until we get a valid the one that works really well and then iterate on that and we know we can control what the like first image they see is of the value bin and the whole story we're trying to tell and so it's like all that same with the like minimum amount of time to create our idea like it should be as fast as possible feel organic all kind. Anyway, we like wrote I wrote all this down and I even wrote like this section where I was trying to like define things still. So, I put view at your your peril for Jacob cuz I didn't I didn't know if it would be valid and sometimes I steer people in the wrong directions with my ideas. But essentially, I think like you don't need to write this, but like writing it down is really helpful. I think >> that's really thinking through it. I like the philosophy of like try to do formats that you can control almost every aspect because then you can have a series that's repeatable instead of just going viral once and getting some downloads like a spike. You find a format that you can do variations of and control each little variable within that format and just repeat it over and over again. Did you come up with this strategy yourself through iteration or how did you like collaborate with your friends that you hired? We did a lot together for a long time. It would be like I was doing a bunch of dev stuff and like growing the product because I really had a couple things I wanted cards stock to do before I felt comfortable sharing it to like you know before it was getting marketed cuz I I didn't know anything about retention stats and a lot of business things I know now and why they matter. But I just had the intuitive sense that I was like, if the product isn't good, I just wasn't proud of it enough to the point where I was like, I want to market this to a ton of people cuz like I don't think they're going to like it. Cuz at this time, the product existed as you got five free scans and then you had to pay. But we also showed a payw wall off of initial RIP and there was no free trial and a ton of most of our subscriptions came from people just seeing the first payw wall, but no blocker. There's an X button. just hit it and but most people would just buy it right then sight unseen without even using the product. So, but just to me, I wanted the product to be good. So, for my own sake, but yeah, we would just sit down every day and he'd be like, "Okay, I'm making these videos." And I'd be like, "Okay, these are my thoughts and why this is good, this is bad. Like, could we try this?" And then he would have ideas, too. And it kind of led to something like this where like I really wanted him to have something cuz like it came to the point where like every now and then like I felt like I ended up repeating myself of being like, "Oh, I think this and this." And so I tried to write down all the things I was super strong about so that we could use it as a checklist, you know, because if it's on here and if it's not in this, if the video contains anything that I would reply with feedback from here, I'd just be like, you know, it's on here. What are we doing? Like, >> yeah, >> don't forget this is the important thing. So >> crazy. You basically became a CMO from scratch, like from zero. Like you started out building your own app. You grew it like passively with ASO. You hired your friend from Wendy's. Neither of you knew how to make content, but like you kind of just created a marketing strategy from scratch just from like seeing other people do it and then copying and then iterating. >> Yeah. And all this throughout this I was learning a lot from like Twitter and then like Discord and stuff. I think I I joined consumer club at some point around here and like so I was getting more info on like what other people were doing and like I'd been tapped into like the creator flywheel and all this but we were always just like oh I'd rather like I want to solve it ourselves first so that we understand and get like a true grasp. I've never made a successful TikTok video, but like I know exactly what goes into all of them because like we me and Jacob worked together so hard and it it's so fulfilling now because like I don't need like Jacob knows all this now. Like he's he's better than me at it. He's surpassed my knowledge because like he's the one doing it and so it's really fulfilling cuz like we have another one of our friends who works and makes content and like Jacob helps him and it's been very fulfilling and there's a lot of research. It's not like people do not have to make it from scratch. There is there is great resources and there's great people with a lot of advice that are willing to like help. But to some extent, Tik Tok is very it's like so niche specific and the key is that like you just have to find what works and like tweak it till you can like prove it's like successful, >> right? That's a good model. I feel like a lot of people the initial urge is like they see people going viral on Tik Tok and their first thought is I should hire an agency or some like cracked Tik Tok kid who can run this whole thing and I'll pay them however much. But you just did the complete opposite. You're just like I'm just going to absorb as much knowledge as I can from Twitter and Consumer Club and just other founders. and then you just completely owned it yourself and then hired your friend and was just very in the weeds with it and now you have like a a complete system and a whole strategy. Would you recommend this approach? Like what's your take on um hiring people with experience or like big creators versus just kind of taking more ownership of it? I don't remember where I saw this recently, but this is not I guess it's something I've always saw but never known is I saw at some point it was like you have to learn enough of how to do something yourself in order to recognize someone great at it. And so that's something that I found very key is now now we're scaling and we're trying to recruit creators and get people and I'm learning how to run a business and you know and we're working with um an agency now for uh we're about to start trying with the agency for UGC and stuff but it's like I'm very easy to validate like it was so easy when we were talking to this person who runs this and being like oh they're cracked like they doing all the things we've struggled led with they have the solutions to the problems we're facing. if you don't do it yourself, you would have no clue what the problems are cuz I thought about hiring an agency earlier. And it was like they just no I like didn't know like I was like I would have no way to do if they're good. And I think a very cool forcing function because most people aren't bootstrapped and so like like we're like we're bootstrapped no funding like like I have full ownership of everything and it's it worked out really good with the way I was able to do it cuz I always knew and I was just like oh like hopefully if I could just make 10k a month forever I'm I'm chilling like and I get to do what I love wake up every day and do what I love like perfect. I'm great. And then I hired Jacob and I was like, you know what? I think we could make 20K by the end of like next year. Like that would be so awesome if we make 20K. And then we like blew it out of the W. Like we with Christmas we got the organic success and we like great. And then we added a hard pay wall and I was like oh my god we're making like like 30k a month. What is happening? Like and so like and now I have like I've hired people and stuff so it's kind of like there are restraints but doing it organically was like a good restraint almost because like I had to learn this. I had no other choice. I couldn't hire an agency. I couldn't I couldn't afford to make the wrong choice hiring an agency. So therefore like I needed to know and so by like needing to know and now I'm in the weeds and like I know all this and same thing I'm I'm excited for the world where I eventually get to like hire a developer as well and stuff cuz like I know how to do it. I've done it myself. I know all the problems they're going to face. And so this someone put it really eloquently about the uh like having to do it yourself to know some recognized talent. But so there's a quote somewhere, but it's I think it's ranks pretty true. I would recommend to some people doing this, but also like if you're someone who has like VC funded cash, like maybe you don't need to like be as in the weeds. This maybe there's higher priority issues to tackle. >> I think that's helpful for to distinguish VC back versus Bootstrap cuz with Bootstrap, you do have the the cash constraint. Like if you're if your goal is to make 30 50k a month and you're spending 5 10k on an agency, that's like that's a big deal. If you make the wrong choice there, that's a significant like risk compared to, you know, a VC back company that you can spend however much money they want. They just need to go fast. Yeah. It seems like you [music] achieved the result that you wanted, which is you learned exactly how to do Tik Tok on your own terms. You didn't have to spend that much money to do it. You just a little bit more effort and now you hired the agency and you knew exactly how to spot a good agency. Um, tell me about Scandaman. How did this [clears throat] idea come to you? And then how was it like launching this? >> It was pretty natural of evolution of like, oh well, we should scan Pokmon cards. Especially we went to the f the first card show we ever went to, me and Jacob. Like I'd been to card shows, but the first one we went to for like kind of getting into it cuz we knew like at the very least we' go pitch our app to like the people there cuz we know it helps them or we can get and we can get marketing content while we're there and we needed to buy sports cards anyway. So, I went to to go get some sports cards and there was this Glacion card that was just like calling to me, but like I have this I don't know if the camera can see it well. >> Nice. >> I saw this Glacion card and I just I love Glacion. They're my favorite Pokmon. So, it's like well I didn't even know that before that I saw this card and it was just like the allure of collecting which is just like that vibe where you're just like oh my gosh I have to have that. And I had that feeling for the first time since like so when I was growing up I I would always go over to my grandpa's house and like get sports card or like look at his sports cards collection and there'd be cards I'd pick out that I was like I want that like it's so cool and then my grandpa be like oh you can have this one. I'd be like oh and then take it home and add to my collection. I used to sit up late at night looking through all my cards. I collected a little Pokemon when I was younger but mostly sports cards. But essentially the Pokemon cards called to me and then I was like well honestly like I don't know how hard it would be to build an app. I already have an existing framework. And so then I built Scanamon using like AI, a lot of like AI dev tools and then a lot of my knowledge of you know what distilled to what mattered in a product and launched it and I was just like I'll just get it out there and we'll see because like I really wanted to see if the marketing would like take off and work and we're kind of missing a a a gap in time here. But essentially what I knew was that the Tik Tok slideshows were doing really good for card stock and I had a theory that the market was bigger for Scanamon. If you look up look up I'm trying to think of what what's a good one. Look up Pokemon P O K E and EI. Yeah, that one. And then like if you scroll down there, they kind of like the I think the slideshow format's not as successful anymore for whatever reason. So, like we found this format that's like really successful for our specific niche. And it's kind of funny cuz like you'd think like you just use the same ones over and over again. You mostly can, but like we uh ended up growing with that and we just kind of did this. It's actually really funny. I don't know, maybe it's in bad faith, but like this account is like my other friend I hired, his name is Pack. He posts on this account. We just like AI gen this profile picture of this girl and then cuz like it appeals to girls more. guys not gonna mind looking at a girl's profile and like girls prefer that so it's like win-win but um essentially we found this format that does well and we put the the branding right there is actually super important I think we don't have enough data to fully back that but having the brand name in the app right there is like that's not something that exists on like on the like consumer product like we made it so that for the marketing like Jacob and Pack when they make this there's a setting in scanon that allows you to like show the app promo Okay. And >> so >> show the marketing text, >> right? So like just having the the name of the app right there is >> it just like associates it in people's minds >> and like same thing. I picked that one up from like Fig. I think they do that well and like Cali does it as well in this scanner. That's why all these apps show them there. And I kind of hated it cuz I'm someone who's like the whole design of all my apps has been very iOScentric and Apple explicitly is like don't put branding in random places. That doesn't break their own dang rule in uh in news. in news and sports they throw the branding everywhere. So, but uh it's fun. But >> yeah, it's like a very cool Yeah, same thing where they they do it in a pretty cool way where it shows here even with the half sheet allows it to show behind, [music] but they're a lot more finessed. But it is very good. It's it's really hard to measure conversion rate in organic content. Almost impossible, actually. So, you might as well not take your chances and do the random little tweaks that'll up it when you can. >> You basically are running slideshows on TikTok to grow this. And what's the revenue on on this one? >> Like 20K monthly rev and it's around like 9K MR right now. >> Got to figure out the retention and stuff. But also, we haven't been running like the campaigns for that long when we're doing the slideshows. And then actually the the biggest thing we've done recently to grow scan on and cards is uh via this platform called noise which is a platform for like distribution and you allows you to like run slideshows and stuff pay creators to post low key. Maybe I should be gatekeeping this knowledge but um I don't really know how much knowledge to gatekeep. I don't care the the platform. We're going to have to find new channels eventually anyway. Essentially, you post there and any their whole thing is they run their own UGC content with their own platform or UGC/s slideshow content to get people on Noise and then the creators come and post on Noise and they just like like Noise will autogenerate them a slideshow template. So, you just have to create yourself a repeatable slideshow format and Jacob was actually like super goated and already had like a perfectly repeatable format. So, we're able to just like bring that to noise because we've also been trying to bring on creators to post slideshows and pay them CPM directly in like a campaign on Growy and then they just like pull from our Google Drive and take the photos and make a slideshow and then post it and we have all the hooks pre-made for them and stuff and so it's like not much effort as simple as possible for them. >> That's really good advice for scaling. So, you already have the formats, you have the slides and you also have the card stock format. You just need more manpower now. You just need like a bunch of people like replicating it over and over again. And one way you do it is through this noise app. It's creators. What What's like the pricing model on this? >> So you pay the creators like $1 CPM or whatever or $2 CPM and then Noise takes half of the CPM and the other half goes to creators. >> So it's like essentially you pay the creators like 50 cent CPM to post but noise brings you tons of creators. Like I said, we know all this core Tik Tok strategy stuff, too. Like that was about posting on one account was when I learned a lot of that. And then I know a lot about making new accounts and how to make sure they perform well and warming them up and stuff, but like uh a lot of the noise creators don't do that. But they just post in such a huge bulk. Like if you go to Tik Tok and just look at like go to Tik Tok and look up Scanon. I don't know if Tik Tok lets you uh search slideshows, but it's pretty insane. Yeah. You can see these like like there will be a lot of low view ones like that 33 like one but like there's thousands of posts like let me show you this essentially like we're running these like slideshows and like this is how many views it's generated over the last like this since October to November so 2 months I don't know what engagement means but like this is we've generated like 8,000 like 7600 posts in the last month and like this is how many like total views it's getting so you can see all these things and like the average views and it'll like break down by um text hook. So like these hook like we can see this hook is outperforming the other ones and we haven't done a lot of adjusting but you can see which images do the best and they'll give you a ton of data on everything. Yeah. Like it's uh show you like the top posts and like so like so none of them are getting crazy amount of views. I showed you Pokmon our in-house one was able to get like multiple posts over like 100,000 views and like most of there's hardly any over like that many but it's the sheer bulk of posts that just leads to like the down like conversion rate just so many views like 27 views and we paid 2600 for this amount of views you know like that's not very much money >> for a lot of views. >> Yeah. So it's a dollar basically a dollar CPM a dollar per thousand views. You have 9,000 over 9,000 posts and the top ones have like you know 10,000 20,000 views and the rest have like you know a couple thousand a couple hundred views but there's 9,000 of them. So that's a lot of views when you add them all up. >> Yeah. Exactly. And the the thing about Tik Tok is definitely one outperforming video way better than a bulk of small videos. But a bulk of small videos is still good. They still convert. So they but like one outperforming video converts better. It has like like trust as well. Like if you see from a creator, you're like if you're like, "Oh my god, this video has this many likes and bookmarks and shares and this many comments." You're like, "Oh, I trust that the knowledge here is good." Like these are still useful content. Like the thing that I always felt weird about with like a lot of marketing stuff is like I don't really just want to be like a shill and making posts that like don't benefit the world either. Like I don't want to generate slot, but these videos aren't really slop. They genuinely would have been helpful to me at a different time in my life when I didn't know this stuff. Like they are card show tips, >> right? Like helpful tips on collecting and card shows. And are are you generating those tips yourself and then giving them to the creators or are they kind of generating their own? >> No. So like noise like directly delivers them the template like we have in here and you go in here and you can see like there's 38 images in here. Like these are the images that pull for the hook. All these are the hook images. And then so to pull one of these, one of these 230 images that go here with like this captions that go with them, I think we had to do something explicit cuz like our format was like weird. But I think even noise can like AI generate related images or related captions as well >> to like help test as well. But essentially and then we have all these hooks with like all the things essentially like it generates them for them, gives them directly to the creator to post. post it and then noise attributes and then like handles like payouts as well. So it's a really simple way to get started I think. >> But I I don't really know how well it would go if you didn't have like explicit stuff, >> but this like what we've found that it was able to scale pretty well >> for us. So, >> this solves the big like operations problem that a lot of influencer marketers run into where takes so long to negotiate with each creator and reach out to hundreds or thousands of people and then get on calls with them and then give them the brief and then iterate and tell them, you know, give them feedback every time they post. But this, you're just loading up all your images and then it kind of just combines them for you, [laughter] >> right, >> for the creators posted on their own phones. >> And yeah, we ended up finding this cuz I like reached out to some people after like finding our slideshow form. I was like, we just got to scale this. I just need people to post this thing. I I can tell them exactly what to do. I just need to post. And then slideshows seem to be trending out a little on TikTok. So, [music] I'm not exactly sure how um how that'll go for everything. So, maybe I'm giving this advice a little too late. Like I mean yeah it's exactly that problem like we face that exact problem trying to scale our UGC and we're like working on solving that too because I think influencers and um UGC and like people posting are still in general better than this overall and I know from talking to the creators of noise that they want to be something like that eventually too. So with all the UGC they have a premium section that you can uh pay for premium creators and get UGC there. We haven't tried that out yet but I imagine it'll be pretty successful. >> How do you find underpriced channels? I feel like nobody was talking about this noise app even a few months ago. >> Honestly, being overly on Twitter and like making connections and networking with people who like know what they're talking about. And so I feel like if people respect you as someone who knows what they're doing and like trying to do things I guess like quotequote the right way, it's like easy to get help from people and like sharing what knowledge you have with other people. Like I I feel like I just like I don't know. It's not like I've been like searching, but I've just been kind of like around there and then like having Jacob and both of us like looking for these things. It's like like in this case we found the slideshows cuz I was like at some point I was like [music] the the process that has led us to here I can explain. I was like Jake like I've been saying this for it's probably been like 6 months or something or like 5 months like I was like oh Jacob like we need slideshows they'll be great. Like I was sitting at home one day and I was like Jacob you should figure out slideshows. That was the extent of what I did like which is not like a very specific thing. I was like, "Dob, I'm seeing these slideshows. I know they can convert. I know there's a way to make it work. Here's the broad topic. Like, figure it out." And so, like, we eventually tried some and I tried some I tried some slideshows back in like December of last year even, but like I didn't really know what I was doing, so they didn't go well. But with all our knowledge, again, Jacob started making these slideshows and he found this like tips format based on like some other ones online. not even copying brands, but more just like in our niche, copying that and then like knowing how to plug our app in. And so he started posting that and then saw that they were working. So then the more they worked, the more we systemized so to make it easier for himself and everyone else once we had that validation and then we went from there to being growing growing and like seeing it work and we had pack posting them and then we were like at some point I was just like okay this thing looks great. there's no reason we couldn't just have like more people posting this is just better. And I was like, okay, it doesn't matter who posts this. We know how to make accounts. I'd heard before about there was a thing that some people have people post overseas and stuff like that. And then like we try to hire some people from Sideshift to do it and like from uh other channels and just DMing people on TikTok. But then eventually I found out about this noise for scale and I was like, "Oh, well that sounds perfect. We should try that." And then here we are like almost learning enough again to like know what is good because like surely there's a lot of platforms and stuff like available but like I learned enough to know what the solution to my problem looked like generally enough to find it I guess or ask the right questions right cuz like there's a ton of people who would be happy to like share so much knowledge with so many people myself included but it's like really hard to kind of know the right questions to ask to get the info. like it's like not the same for every niche. It's not like this probably doesn't work in a bunch of niches. It's some probably oversaturated in a lot of places and it's like maybe some things do work for every niche and it's like you just had to like open your mind to like the right possibilities. I guess really underrated advice. Um I like how you completely redirected my question cuz I think when I asked you the question, you know, how do you how do you find underpriced channels? It's almost like the wrong question. It's like everyone's asking that, right? How do you find these like breakout channels, these viral things? From your perspective, you just do stuff. You like see something and then instead of wondering like, hm, I wonder if that's going to work, you just you just do it. And then when like through the iteration cycle, then you figure out, oh, hey, I tried influencer marketing and and now I'm I'm realizing it's really hard to reach out to influencers. How do I reach out to more influencers at scale? Oh, noise app. But if you had just stumbled across Noise app without ever having tried anything, you probably wouldn't have like realized how it was the exact solution to your specific problem. >> Yeah. And like I the noise the people at Noise are actually really helpful. They do a lot of like they like put us on Slack channel and like give us advice and I think they're willing to do that for anyone cuz they print. I mean like [laughter] you know like we get we get we spent 20 you know they made 1300 off us like and just they they directly make money when you succeed. So like they're very much willing to help you succeed. But you're exactly right. I think the biggest thing that I've tried to take is in my company and like my role as I've uh like grown from like just a dev to like someone building or someone trying to run a company is to like generalize as much as I can cuz like like I'm just a very curious person by nature and a very like exploratory person. And so like I'm just always asking myself the question of like [music] what's the bigger thing that connects this thing? And it's like that's how I feel like I've I've grown. And the more people I put myself around, the more ideas I've been able to like convince myself to watch and learn. I mean, you just got to take it one step at a time. Like what ch it's more like what moves the needle? Like what's next? I recently wrote down a bunch of stuff about like my vision for like what everyone in my company, me included, are like trying to pursue marketing wise. And it's like there's a billion channels. Like I really want to try Reddit out at some point. I really I know like paid ads are a thing and like there's too much to just like do. So it's like you find one that works and then just like iterate cuz like you know you I feel like the key is that they all probably work. I feel like I see so much on Twitter everyone being like oh everyone says this about X thing but really it's Y thing you need to be doing. And it's like well like X thing probably works. You probably just didn't try it hard enough or like you just didn't figure out how it works. If other people are having success with I mean maybe some people are just lying or some people are wrong like like I see it all the time with paid ads. I see both takes on Twitter like every week of people someone being like paid ads best decision I've ever made. They're so good. And someone else being like paid ads are a scam only organic. It's like yeah well these channels all probably work. I mean it's just like what one are you best at? What one can you make work for your company? And like what do you have enough time? What do you enjoy? It's like a very weird metric. I think maybe VC funding pollutes a lot of minds every now and then. But like I'm biased. I'm biased towards not VC funding in the same way I just mentioned. I think VC funding I'm sure works great for a lot of people. I just didn't want the time time expense. But anyway, I think any channel can work for anyone probably like or maybe not any channel but most channels. >> Yeah, you've successfully, you know, discovered and then started and then iterated and then scaled brand new channels that you had no experience with in the past. and and now you say you're kind of interested in Reddit. So, I'm curious like what would your approach be to just getting started with Reddit? >> I don't know if I'm like that interested. It's just one in the back of my mind cuz I've seen it a few times and it I think it just makes sense to me and then like especially us talking about like like I started there almost. >> Yeah. >> So, like I know it works. >> But yeah, I don't know. I guess I can think through it. I kind of have a weird spot where like I have Jacob to be like I guess he's essentially my CMO. I would probably have him do it. But the process I would probably take and explore would definitely just be like, "Okay, let's see if I know anyone on Twitter." Like at this point, like I just have a decent amount of connections that I'm probably reaching out to someone to see first if someone knows that. One of my like main people I have in my network that I try to ask a lot of questions to just like I know have like broad general knowledge. Probably ask them that. Then next probably look at somewhere like Consumer Club or Twitter to see if any of the people I know talk about it there. I know someone on Twitter, but sometimes searching Twitter is hard cuz like I've seen posts about it on Twitter and stuff. And so I'd look at one of those channels and if I still don't find anything, probably like going to like GPT, Perplexity, Google, like trying to find like best practices regarding it cuz I'm sure there are some really good ones on there as well. I'd probably get there regardless to the Google. Like that's the same thing same strat I've taken ever since the ASO thing is like finding that. Like the crazy thing is like certain like Reddit feels like a channel that would probably have info online about how to do it, but stuff like organic marketing is like so slim. You'll look at it and it'll be like captions don't matter, watch time does. And I'm like, oh well this is helpful advice, but like only for someone who's like in their like first two days of like understanding organic marketing. And so it's like and that's the bulk of all content online. So it's like trying to find the niches. I've honestly been exploring a lot more with like YouTube and like podcasts as like a learning method because there's a lot of sauce shared there that's just like pretty good to point you in the right direction. So like that might be something I take. I don't know. Honestly, >> yeah, maybe. Yeah, [laughter] I need to watch some now now that I'm participating. >> It's a great process actually. I think a lot of people kind of play around with each of these, but you crystallized the purpose of each one pretty well. It's like reaching out to people with general knowledge just to figure out where to get started first and figure out maybe do you have any blind spots or assumptions and then you go to like more specialized experts to try to find and you know cuz the SEO articles are not always going to be like that helpful. Um, >> but if you find like specialized people like in consumer club or digging deep on Twitter, then you're going to find people that actually have experience with that specific channel and then you can go back to Google or Chad GBT or whatever. And then when you're consuming that information, you're like, you kind of know where the holes are and you're like you can decipher it a little bit better. And even, you know, at that point when you consume any information on podcasts or whatever, you have a lot more context to filter out BS and what works. I think that combination of like actually talking to real people who have experience and then also doing your own research is like a really good combination, good philosophy for learning. >> I think about it a lot. The biggest reason I'm so successful right now, it's hard to not attribute that to directly to Twitter and Discord and like consumer club itself, like the connections I made joining like so valuable to me. It's hilarious to me. It is an absolute joke that like I talk to so many people in their daily my daily life that just like don't get it. I don't feel like they understand like what I've really built. And like maybe that sounds like cocky, but it's just kind of funny that like I'm like I really wasn't that difficult. like it was, but it was really the focus that was difficult. It was the like focus and the opportunity to have that much time to put that focus. The main thing I've learned is that like I always value like expert advice very highly, but I never really understood that so many people were just like happy to help. Like I always figured that like if I was asking someone questions about something that they were like I was a burden to them, you know, cuz like I'm not giving them anything by asking them these questions. But so many people just like helping. I mean, I guess I'm the same way at this point. And I used to always be like, oh, like the ideas are like what matters. And the ideas, people still undervalue them, but like the hard thing is being committed long enough to like see it through through the troubles. It's just people don't have the persistence. So, it's like just do the thing, be committed to it, ask the right people for help and like you're going to succeed. Like it's a time thing in my head. It So, maybe I'm just lucky and I don't know it, but surely there's always some luck involved, but I don't know. Yeah. No, it's it's really inspiring. Like even if like right now obviously like let's say someone is making five times the revenue that you are, I'm sure they would still want to talk to you because if you just listen to the way that you talk, it's very clear that you're going to grow from here every year that you stay in business and as long as you stay committed like you said. And by the same principle, if you're at 1K MR, there's going to be people at 10 20K MR that's probably going to be willing to help you as well if you feel like you have the same values and you're committed to sticking with things and you're curious and you want to explore and learn. I found this to be very true as well. Like people are experts that like advice that you want to get. People are happy to help and there's some reciprocity involved of course, but people want to help people that are just down to learn. >> It's really hard to be like value your own skills as you should and like I struggle with it a lot too, but it's like the quality of wanting to learn is and being willing to take feedback and like listen is like lowkey a rare skill. like cuz I'm I am so willing to help people, but like a lot of people you'll start giving them advice and they act like they just know better than you for some reason or they know what they're talking about or they're not willing to respect your expertise in something and it's like they think they know this and that. It's like so when you find someone who's just like a sponge or just like oh why like why do you do that? That's interesting. like you're just not annoying and like you're asking people advice, they're they're going to help you cuz like I love talking about my business. Like I would talk about it all day if I could, but most of the time there's not people that listen to me talk about it all day. So it's funny to like literally if someone want is curious and actually wants to know about it and is willing to like stay really listening is rare. Like even the people who ask me for help aren't like they don't really want it as much as like >> I think they c they could. Like >> they like rarely anyone gets this much info out of me. And like sometimes it's not possible cuz you know you there's only so much info you can get. But >> it's pretty cool. The networking thing is cool and like being a part of a greater community is like a huge thing. I'm still trying to figure out how to be part of like more community and like more like I want to learn from people greater than me too. So it's like >> that's awesome. >> It's fun. >> I love this philosophy. This is like I I'm I'm vibing with this super hard. I'm I'm going to like try to figure out how to integrate this into my life a little bit more cuz I think with like having this vibe in business, I think it it brings a lot of success just this like giving first mindset and it's kind of an opt-in thing as well. Some people just don't think like this and they gate keep stuff and then some people just give first. And I'm sure there's people watching right now that are super down to just slide in your DMs and just give you a bunch of free secret information because they know that you're probably going to do the same. And there's these people that, you know, if you opt into this ideology of just like giving, then it's just good. Like everyone will just swear and everyone wins, you know. >> Thanks so much for being on the pod, Kyle. This is a great conversation [laughter] and looking forward to the video when it comes out. >> Yeah, me too. Thanks for having me. >> Awesome. Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So, you can apply to join consumer club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwwell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwall.com. We have more videos on the channel. So dig into those to learn from app founders who are willing to share super tactical stuff about app growth.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [6/28] Our app makes $750k/mo thanks to this UGC strategy
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ca_VnMTosRo
Duration: 57:06
Words: 11,684

On the pod today, we have Matt, who vibe coded a startup in 11 months and had never posted a Tik Tok before, but got his first video to go viral. Fast forward five months, and that startup got acquired by Jenny AI through an Instagram DM. 3 months later, Matt's now running Jenny's UGC program. He's racked up 75 million views, managed 150 creators, and their program is getting under $2 per thousand views. And Matt is a huge reason why Jenny Aai is going to grow past 775,000 monthly recurring revenue and why it currently has five to six million users. Here's what makes Matt different. He doesn't hire influencers with big follower counts. He finds creators in completely unrelated niches, beauty, lifestyle, whatever, and spots something he calls camera charisma. >> I'm not looking at stats or anything on Mod Dash. I'm just going to their page, looking at their Tik Toks in a completely different niche and thinking we can work with that. When you build and foster those long-term deeper relationships, you're always going to do more and do better than if you're transactional. So, I think our ability to kind of trust our coaching and me trust my ability to kind of spot what makes a good creator, what I call camera charisma. >> Then he trains them from scratch to make content for AI apps. He checks for three things. how emotive they are, whether the first frame looks aesthetic, and if they're naturally extroverted yappers who can tell a story. One of his best creators had never done UGC before. She was in the beauty niche, and it took her 25 videos before she got above 10,000 views. But last month, she made over $5,000. So, because of the other elements that are in there, you have some people essentially kind of agreeing with her rather than it being pure rage bait, I call it engagement bait. It's something that does divide opinion a bit, and you get something on both sides. And I think that is the sweet spot. And that's exactly how we got 30 million X views. >> In this pod, we break down Matt's framework for finding high potential creators that everyone else overlooks, how he reverse engineers viral formats from completely different niches and adapts them, and why he believes the future of consumer apps is starting with the Tik Tok format and building the product backwards from there. Let's dive in. This is the Superall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the Consumer Club Discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their pay walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwall. But one thing you might not know is Superwall has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own payw wall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pod. So Jenny is at 775K Mr. It's pretty huge. One of the biggest kind of like AI rapper type of startups that I've seen. Do you think that Jenny does anything different or what do you think Jenny does different in growth from what you've seen? >> I think one of the interesting things about Jenny and and its growth is that it's actually quite productled in lots of ways. So on the growth side, I'm kind of distinct from the product team, but they're they're deeply technical. It's a team of ML engineers that the head of product is incredibly talented. I've met him. So the product kind of goes really deep and that allows the kind of growth to be really sticky in that when you kind of acquire a customer they they stick around and I think short form has really always been at the heart of Jenny. So David um kind of CEO founder, incredible guy. Um him and Tabs Chocolate were two of the very first kind of companies to actually kind of pioneer short form before all of the the UGC and for you pages getting clocked. And so then kind of coming into it a couple years later with a very different short form landscape, it it's it's been really cool because it really is at the kind of heart I think of of Jenny's DNA is that short form social media growth. >> Do you think that Jenny does short form differently from other startups? Certainly in the past they were early. They were really early and innovative and I think that has carried over now. So one of the things we always try and live by philosophically with content is not just to mimic. And I think that's really not a bad strategy if you're trying to grow to 10K MR, 50K MR, 100K MR. But if you want genuinely sustainable growth and you want to do that at hundreds of thousands of MR and hopefully in the future millions of MR, you need to be novel and you need to be innovative. And then you need the ability to distribute that through your network of creators and really amplify it. So there's always this emphasis on doing something novel, doing something new rather than just kind of finding best practice and executing that really well. We always want to try and go above that and be innovative. Do something new. >> Could you give some stats on how's the growth been in the past 3 months that you've since you've joined Jenny? >> It's been really awesome. We've gone from the program specifically where I started 0 to 75 million views at a less than $2 CPN. We have gone from zero to in different forms, 150 different creators, and that's been incredibly fast-paced. It's been incredibly exciting. >> How did you get 75 million views under $2 CPM with 150 creators? >> A violent amount of effort is really the first thing I would say. Um, you know, we work 7 days a week, kind of at least 16 hours during during the workday. And I think that's that's something you kind of can't skip. There's always things you can kind of look past and and look beyond, but that's kind of the flaw. I think you're always going to be able to do more in 16 hours than in 8 hours. Then I think the thing that's been really important for us is how closely we've worked with the creators. One of our strongest creators had never done any UGC before. She was in the beauty niche. So I think our ability to kind of trust our coaching and me trust my ability to kind of spot what makes a good creator, what I call camera charisma. So I'm not looking at stats or anything on Mod Dash. I'm just going to their page looking at their Tik Toks in a completely different niche and thinking we can work with that and then kind of having the closeness with the creator, building rapport, building a relationship and genuinely committing to try and help them improve. When you build and foster those long-term deeper relationships, you're always going to do more and do better than if you're transactional. >> Yeah. You mentioned Mod Dash. There's like other creator marketplaces or influencer databases like that. and you're kind of talking about more of the art of the creator relationships and what can you see in the intangibles that the stats or the follower counts don't tell you what what what are those things that you look for in a creator that's high potential but you probably get better deals with that too, right? Cuz you're not going after the creator with the huge follower counts. You're going after the intangibles that you don't see on the surface. >> Definitely true that you get better deals. That's 100% true. um completely distinct to influencer in that way and also completely true that we almost don't look at stats at all. Um I think if you are going to look at stats there are ways of doing it but the thing that I always will call it and it is pretty intangible is camera charisma. If they make a Tik Tok and it can be about anything, how much do you want to watch it? How much do you want to listen to it? How much do you want to watch it again? And if you do, can you kind of answer why? Why did I enjoy that? Why do I want to watch that? Actually, I think if you can't answer that question, it's quite a good sign. if it was like a, you know, just a pretty random Tik Tok, some sort of trend that you're not that interested in and yet it still kind of piqu your interest, something's going on with that creator specifically. So, the less you can put your finger on it sometimes, the better that kind of camera charisma is. If you had to try to put like three traits like a checklist, someone's scrolling through Instagram or Tik Tok and they see a small creator and they kind of have a feeling ah this might be a good person to hire. What are what's like a a very small checklist that you would look for? >> I think the first thing is how emotive they are. You know, different people are naturally different levels, exhibit different levels of emotion, and you want someone that kind of naturally not monotonous, kind of up and down, super engaged with genuinely when they're telling a story, you're kind of engaged with it. I think second of all, if you pause the video on the first second, this this can be an interesting thing is is it kind of aesthetic? Is it appealing? Now, what this kind of proxies for is what is their natural viral sense? Often you can ask two creators film kind of a video and one of them just naturally is positioned nicely. They've got an aesthetic backdrop. The lighting is kind of right and you can really you can break down what what that means and go super granular but they just kind of know and they've got what I would call that viral sense. Whereas on another it's kind of dark, it's dingy, it's unappealing and creators often will do that naturally. I think if you particularly college students, uni students, they're not thinking too much about that very detailed setup. They're just picking up and doing what feels right. And I think probably just someone that is extroverted and a bit of a yapper. Maybe that's just who I enjoy working with as well. And I'm confirmation biing myself. But if someone sits down and is doing a story time and it's something crazy, I think that can proxy quite well. That was a really great checklist. I'm going to pull up Instagram right now and just like do a test. So >> the pressure. >> So okay, let's watch this random like first video that shows up. It's like a pet creator. Mhm. >> But even even just this, it's like what I'm noticing is this is a pretty aesthetic freeze frame. It's like it's framed pretty well. Both pets are in there's kind of like a foreground and a background. The background looks like very clean. The furniture is nice. >> It's super light as well. Like I really that is something you pick up a lot is >> how light is the overall shot and it's the colors. It's maybe they've used a ring light with the dog. I mean this is I think more the Facebook mom niche including my mom. Shout out absolutely loves this type of content. Um, but you you're absolutely right. You can see the principles translate around how aesthetic the shot is. You can see that there's kind of it's well cut, etc. Similar here, I think if you pause that first second, which I said before I even I mean, no one can check this before I looked at the number of likes. Look how light it is. She's well positioned. It's an interesting background. The other thing she does well is the size of the text on screen. This sounds really sort of small and if it doesn't matter, but the proportions are nice. The spacing is kind of right and often you don't pick up on it, but if you see videos that don't get views, which obviously you naturally see less, the text is way too big or too small or it just doesn't feel right. So, actually, even the text contributes to the aesthetic and and that's her natural viral sense. >> That's so true. That's interesting. The sound is off for this one, but you can tell like this guy is emotive, you know? He kind of does the natural little chuckle at the beginning. The text again, like you said, is like right above his head and then his whole body is like framed in the center. Obviously, that's >> aesthetic. >> Yeah, different style of content, but kind of similar printing. >> The thing that stands out to me is like anyone can actually make this. Even this video, right? anyone can make it cuz it's just a laptop, a table, and then he's just sitting there in his room >> and then he's just like acting, you know, touches his credit card. Like that's it. Anyone can do that, but he does it well. So, do you feel like um when you're going for these creators, you're going for someone who already knows how to make a video and acts well and frames things well and does look like good lighting, or are you like teaching them how to do it? >> It's often a bit of both. So, for example, the creator that you showed a couple of Instagrams ago, the kind of one that did the laugh, I would actually say if you kind of look at his first shot, it wasn't super aesthetic. Probably are things you could kind of improve that we discussed around the lighting, although he is decently lit. But the thing that really stands out about him, as you kind of touched on, is his ability to talk, how extroverted, his charisma. So, the more elements a creator has, the easier they are to work with. But what you often get and the kind of hidden gems are where a creator has one really exceptional skill and like you touched on the rest can be taught and learned really really quickly. And it's part of the thing about building creator relationships is I think if you run a program expecting in the first week a creator is going to get a million views, you're probably thinking about it the wrong way. Our best creator last month, it took her 25 videos before she got above 10k and she ripped. I think she made over five grand last month of something absolutely incredible based on bonuses we offer, etc. So, it was a two-way thing. She trusted in the coaching that I was giving her and I trusted in the natural charisma. She was and is super extroverted, really charismatic, and then we tweaked the learnable things. Took a little bit of time and then it was pretty cool from there. This feels like the real alpha in influencer marketing or in like UGC creator UGC cuz everyone else is spam, you know, reaching out to thousands of influencers. At this point, anyone can do that. Like you can hire a VA or you can go on a database and just cold email everyone. But what not everyone is willing to do is find the high potential low follower account, maybe low engagement, but or maybe even someone from a different niche but who has the raw potential and then training them up like that. That's a huge advantage. You got 150 creators in the program in 3 months. That's kind of insane. How how many creators did you have to reach out and negotiate to get to that point? >> A lot. is the is the short answer. Um we had 80 within the first month. I think I I joined not even on the first day of August into August and my target was 80 in the first month which part of that is testament to you know the amazing culture that David and Jenny had have is that culture of genuine excellence because I would have told you up to half an hour before that deadline absolutely no way am I hitting 80 creators and then we did. It ties back to that amount of brute force involving effort. There's no way you can speedrun really reaching out to lots of creators. You can maybe send the DMs via an automated tool or a VA, etc. But the kind of thing about finding hidden gems is it's not a case of you go on to Tik Tok and everyone's a hidden gem. That would be very paradoxical. So, you have to be willing to spend the time doom scrolling and really kind of crawling through before you kind of do get to them. And I think that's true even of sourcing platforms. I think Nick at at Sideshift spoken a lot about it that they have a huge number of creators and even when people apply and you have applicants, it's still on the content team to go through them to pick out the hidden gems within those. So, it's really a skill that there is no shortcut to or from. I feel like some people when they mass reach out to Instagram or Tik Tok influencers or creators, they're hoping for maybe a 10 20% response rate and then from there maybe a you know 20 to 50% people actually start negotiating or get on a call. Is that similar numbers or I have a sense that your numbers are maybe higher because you're selective with who you reach out to. I'd say our numbers may be lower actually in some ways and I think that may be because these creators are not influencers. They're not regularly checking their DMs. When they do get DMs, it's often from, you know, those jewelry brands, etc. on Tik Tok that aren't kind of real and they sponsor you, but you pay for shipping and they're basically, I won't say scams, but they're not proper kind of outreach. So, a they don't check as often and b they're kind of much more skeptical. They may have never had a brand deal before. So I would say our rates were lower. I think generally when when I got on call with them, the closing rate was quite high, but initial response rate and kind of response rate to getting on call rate probably lower than that. >> It's like the product is really good. It's like the trust is completely there. But in order for them to even open the DM or get on the call, a huge amount of skepticism has to be overcome. So how do you do that? Do you just write like a really fire like first cold DM? You're always trying to kind of drop as much social proof as you can. You know, Jenny's got five, six million users, our creators have done XY Z, but you also kind of again because we particularly work with unique college A students, you know, you're trying to do it all in lowercase because that's kind of what they respond to and you're trying to be super casual. So, it's a combination, I think, of social proof and genuinely just being reasonably personable and relaxed. I think people are genuine generally intuitive enough to be able to tell whether someone is genuine um or whether you know it's a pretty icky DM. >> Uh it kind of reminds me of um I mean look at look at my cold DM to you. >> Uh I just pulled up >> this is all I said. Would love to have you come this profile. Like no no no links nothing all lowercase. I feel like there's so many cold DMs these days, especially like even if you just look at I mean, let's look at my message requests. It's like, well, some people do that. >> That's annoying. >> And then some people do that or it's like too much. Here's an exact a perfect example. It's like, hi, we just helped a Forbes executive 11 figureure stock exchange in the largest protein brand make more money here. I just looked at your account. I think we could have insane impacts and revenue. It's like vague. They put a bunch of social proof, but the social proof is also vague. It's like I think very very specific social proof is helpful and keep it very short and casual. Actually, your cold DM is a good example of is part of the I mean if if I didn't know kind of who you were and I clicked on your profile and you had 10 followers, I'm not replying. And I think there's an element of how you kind of frame everything and you pitch everything and how good the message is. Part of it is having a genuine track record and doing cool things before you do this. It is easier now to reach out to creators that we have 75 million views and I can link creator accounts than it was getting the first 10. Well, we don't really have any UGC. I can't point at anything. So, go out and build something cool and do something cool and get a genuine track record you can point out to creators or to whoever you're called reaching out to and things will be easier. For a lot of people that might be founder-ledd content because otherwise you have the chicken egg problem of you can't reach out to creators if you don't have the social proof of already having some traction on social. So would you recommend people start with founder just pick up the phone like make a Tik Tok >> 100%. So I when I grew my own startup I didn't work with any creators. I made all the content myself. Some of that was me some of that was kind of utilizing clips from friends and family. But the very first video for my old startup, which was Sideshore, went semi viral, couple hundredk views, it was me talking at my phone, and I'd never made a Tik Tok before that, and it was the most one of the hardest things I've had to do. It was horrifically cringe filming it. I can barely watch it even now. But you got to do it because if you're not willing to do it, it's it's also hard, I think, to expect others to do it. And I think I would not be anywhere near as good at my role now if I hadn't done it myself. It's very difficult to tell creators, this is what works, this is what doesn't work. and judge what works and what doesn't work if I hadn't done it myself. So, it's a huge skill, not just for that initial phase, but also as you go on and on and on, it really compounds and it becomes an immensely helpful superpower. >> Could we could we look at that video? Is it on Instagram or Tik Tok? >> It's Tik Tok. If you Tik Tok and then just search site, ci the pinned one on the right. So, 245.6K. 9th of December 2024. 8th of December. Wow. Okay. So, yeah, December 2024, this was your first ever video that you posted to Tik Tok >> ever. We had I'd posted five memes before then, which were terrible. And I was like, I've got to make my first video. And And this was it. >> And it got 240k views. >> Yeah. And it >> that's really that's a lot. >> Incredible. I remember where I was when it hit 100K. It is just the most amazing feeling, which is another reason people should do it. I think >> I think that kind of shows like it's kind of all in the hook and the subject matter. It's like if it's a good you're speaking to the painoint and it's a good hook, you can get a lot of views on the very first video. Okay, let's just watch a video. I want to let's see like what we can learn. >> A website called I have an essay due at midnight and chat GPT won't stop giving me fake citations.com. And this website is for when you have an essay due at midnight, but chat GPT won't stop giving you completely madeup citations. Basically, you just upload all of the citations that Chat GPT has given you, and in seconds, it tells you which of them are real and which of them it's completely made up. What it also does is it uses AI to suggest real replacements for the fake papers. And this is also super helpful for passing AI detectors like Turn It In. But if that sounds like it might be useful or maybe you have an essay due at midnight, go to I have an essay due at midnight and chatgpt won't stop giving me fake citations.com. Put a shorter link in the comments. >> I'll put a shorter link in the comments. Interesting. Wow, that's actually a really good video. It's like I've seen this format a couple of times where it's like the really long like comically like long URL. >> What was your thought process in in making this video? I think when you are just first starting out and if you're like me, you've never made a video before, you know, you've got a MVP that's completely vibe coded. You do not need to reinvent the wheel with content at this stage. You don't need go from zero to 1kmr by inventing a completely new format. Find what works kind of have the ability to introspect on your own strengths and kind of imitate/ adapt. So it was this I didn't pioneer this format like you say it was out there but you know I was able to adapt it to my own to my own tool and adapted a little bit with it was wasn't completely ripped word for word. It was taken as a format and adapted and yeah I think don't watch it back a year later. That's also the advice I properly got because it's it's a tough watch. But um yeah you don't need to reinvent the wheel but get yourself on camera. I know a lot of people try to start with things like carousels etc. you're just in, at least in my opinion, doing something like this is going to bring you massively more beneficial results in the short term and in the long term. So, pick up a phone, get in front of it, no matter how terrible it feels. >> How do you recommend people find those winning formats if you are just getting started and you don't want to reinvent the wheel? you probably were kind of in the space cuz you were researching uh stuff in that like AI student tools niche, but if someone's in a different niche, um how would you go about like doing the research? So, I think you want to develop what I call viral sense and it's links to some of the stuff we talked earlier where you can look at a video and kind of think has this gone viral or has it not and judge that reasonably well. And I think you want to essentially doom scroll almost prescribe doom scrolling. And I think half of that should be in your niche. So for me it was study and I spent half an hour a day scrolling on a phone specifically for studying. And then I think you should spend half an hour a day explicitly scrolling outside of your niche because you're always going to become a little bit blinkered if you are only looking at the same formats that exist within a very narrow scope. look at things that go viral elsewhere and learn how to adapt those and kind of adopt them into your niche. So, I think half and half is actually really important right from the start. That's good advice. As you're scrolling, just thinking about what made this viral. There is a shortcut that I I've been showing people spy talk. Have you seen this this website? >> I haven't seen it. >> It's basically like you can search the the content by like keywords. So it's like I don't know you're making a app about anxiety and then it finds you like outliers. This is kind of like the shortcut where you like find the best formats that you know this is like 5.7x is like 7.4x and some of these are by brands. Some of these are by like hidden you know like hidden brands that like looks like a person but then it's like a it's like kind of clearly a brand account. But yeah, this this is useful tool as well. But if you only use spy talk, you're also not 100% developing viral sense because you're not looking at the ones that don't work. It's like it's important to see like to actually scroll TikTok yourself as well and see like which ones are, you know, how to separate like what makes this viral versus this one didn't go viral. >> I think it's also a risky game to just look at outcomes, particularly with Tik Tok. You know, you're at the mercy of an algorithm which is notoriously based on serendipity. And of course the outcome of a video matters and getting views matters. But if you only and strictly look at the outcome, you will be quite surface level in your understanding. We I was looking at a video two videos the other day that I can pull up if helpful, but they were almost identical. Same script, same creator, 3 days apart. One of them got 2,000 times more views than the other. And you can you could spend hours trying to say what was the causal factor? What was the 1%? The answer is it was luck. and everyone has to benefit from that luck. And you your aim is to optimize your surface area for luck. But >> strictly looking at the outcome, I think is a >> bit of a fool's game. >> Those small nuances are pretty interesting cuz a lot of people like they might go through this whole process. They'll find some creators that are high potential but not super viral yet, but they have good, you know, camera presence. They're emotive. They have good aesthetics. But then when it actually comes time to telling them, okay, now use this viral format and copy it. A lot of people don't know exactly how to copy a video frame for frame, second for second, pixel by pixel. There's very very small differences that contribute to luck. So are you trying are you giving people free reign to basically say like make a hundred variations of this one video and one of them will go viral? I think probably it would, but I don't think that would be down to whatever change was made in that video. I think assigning causality to that would not likely be accurate. I also personally don't think that trying to copy it frame frame for frame is the right thing to do. We've had people actually copy some of our creators videos down to them going out purchasing outfits that look as identical as possible and filming in front of the most identical background you can imagine. I've got still images that I I won't share to because I don't want to sort of call the brand out, but it was somewhat creepy. I will say it was it was really really quite odd and they didn't go viral and you cannot get closer to frame by frame than than that. I think what I would say is understand the principles, understand the concept, but also try and iterate. This video was really good, but why can't I make it better? What's the one thing that I would change to make it better? So rather than thinking what's one kind of tiny element I can copy even more closely, think what's one element I can do better than that person did. And if you do that a hund times, you're more likely for one of those variations to go viral than if you were just purely copying. >> I feel like your brain is like the final boss of AI jobs being replaced. like it's so hard to fi to to replace this kind of um tweaking like mechanism with AI because you basically have to find dimensions within a video and isolate those dimensions and then decide which one you want to tweak. It's like do I want to make the lighting a little bit different? Do I want to make the tonality of the hook a little bit different? And there's infinite dimensions that you can switch around, but it's about choosing the right ones and then choosing like how much you want to shift them. Would you say that's like an accurate way of putting it? I think that's a really good way of putting it actually. I think talking about it in terms of dimensions is a really useful way because it because it is incredibly multi-dimensional. I'm essentially just repeating what you said here. So, I'll kind of cut myself off and just say I think that's a really salient way of putting it. >> Can we go to some of the Jenny videos now and see? Um yes. Do you is it mostly Tik Tok or Instagram? >> So we have creators cross post but most of our success has been Tik Tok. I think we had one creator that if you search is Ruby Ruby.st study corner. The thing that was amazing about this creator actually it might be better if you go on latest um rather than popular and scroll all the way down because this creator's first two videos um you made stuff for social as well. Those were the first two videos on a brand new account and particularly the second one got the second one got 30 million completely organic views on Twitter. Someone screenshotted it and sparked a whole debate. Literally just this a 5-second clip. But one of the interesting lessons of this because these this sty of video has been they've tried to people have tried to imitate it a lot is there's actually quite a lot in the clip even what seems to be a super casual clip that makes this creator incredibly talented and has contributed and I think you can assign some degree of causality too because we've seen it repeated in future viral videos that really makes a difference. >> Interesting. What are the elements you feel like went into this? So some things that we know for example are that she's very emotive with her eyes which sounds incredibly small and niche but is a pattern as I said we've seen repeated and one of the advantages of working at the scale we we do is that we can really test these hypotheses really directly and we have enough data to kind of almost run hypothesis tests and we've absolutely seen that that the more emotive you can kind of be with your eyes the better these videos tend to do and some of it I can't tell you 100% Why, you know, Ruby has consistently been an amazing creator for Sideshaw, for for Jenny. She has a knack is maybe the best way of putting it or her aesthetic is kind of geared for Tik Tok. Some of it I can tell you I think I know and some of it like I said is factor so small we don't understand or serendipity. >> So this is a 5-second video. It's the the format is basically hook reaction like the surprised face but with instead of going straight to a product demo which some of the other videos do, it's just text on screen. So it's a block of text that's kind of long. So it probably takes you like at least 15 seconds to like read the whole thing. So you get like three repetitions on the video like the 5-second video, right? And then it includes the word Jenny Aai in the text. So, you know, certain percentage of people are going to go and then look up what's Jenny Aai. And then the premise of the video seems to be okay. So, she says just seen a girl. So, she's like has a surprise face and she says just seen a girl in the library writing an essay. No notes, no open tabs, no chatg, no Jenny Aai, no textbooks, no music, just her her and her own thoughts against the world like a psychopath. So, it's interesting. So, she's saying basically the premise is like it's almost like um rage bait. Like people in the comments, there's like 3,000 comments and people are just roasting her in the comments. Like that's >> the thing is I actually think it's a little bit we're very deliberate about this because this was I kind of essentially wrote the overlay entirely. It's not quite rage bait. It's engagement bait. And and the the somewhat difference is that I don't know if if these are Tik Tok comments often show up in different orders, but >> you got a lot of comments that say like, "What do you mean psychopath? This is completely normal. There you go. That's how I got a hold of K. Are you okay? Are you American by any chance?" But there were quite a lot saying, >> "Yeah, just there from Marissa, the no tabs and music are what make this crazy." >> So, because of the other elements that are in there, you have some people essentially kind of agreeing with her. Maybe not with the fact the Jenny Aai point, but just the fact that wait, she's kind of right. like why is everyone focusing on this the AI part she was had no textbook and no open tabs that is really weird which she's right and there you go almost 100,000 likes on that sort of almost supportive comment and >> right interesting I see >> rather than it being pure rage bait it is this I call it engagement bait but you know it's something that does divide opinion a bit and you get something on both sides and I think that is the sweet spot and that's exactly how we got 30 million X views The initial screenshot and tweet was saying, "This is ridiculous. I can't believe what's happened to kids these days." And then the quote tweet that got 15 million views was saying, "You guys are ignoring the fact that the girl wasn't using any open tabs or music. Like, why are you flaming her?" And >> it's a it was just the most perfect example of why if you can hit that sweet spot, it's better than just pure rage bait. >> Right. That's that's a great point. It's It's about polarization. It's better to divide people into somewhere around half and half. Like some people that are going to take the bait and say, "Wow, this is ridiculous. Why? Like your point is invalid." And then the other half are saying are siding with the creator, but also kind of fighting against the people that took the bait. Like it's almost like rushing to the defense of the creator and saying, "Why is everyone uh roasting the creator? This is having no tabs in music while you're studying. That is crazy." And that that's the one that got the most likes actually on this on in this comment section. 95,000 likes, no tabs and no music. So what makes us crazy? That's interesting. How do you think about making a polarizing concept? A lot of it, I think, is actually emotional intelligence. You just got to have the ability to kind of sit and come up with, you know, what is salient and at the moment, what are people talking about and how can I make sure it's adapted to my niche is another point. And I think one thing we took away from this is we could maybe plug Jenny better, which I think we did in in future future viral ones in terms of conversion because that's the other thing you got to keep in mind is views are great. Sure, but you don't want to be getting vanity views. A viral study talk that didn't mention Jenny is completely useless. Completely useless for us. So, you're always trying to balance that. Um but yeah, I think it is just the emotional intelligence to kind of land as closely in the middle of as many angry people as you possibly can. Um obviously keeping up with kind of current topics is important, but from there it's just I think emotional intelligence >> that is kind of encouraging actually to a lot of people I think because I think a lot of people are pretty good marketers and they know how to do other channels though. So they've figured out like Facebook ads or ASO, you know, like with any form of marketing, you do need to have a sense of what people want and like the psychology of how people go throughout their lives and make choices and, you know, their thoughts and feelings. I feel like people get tripped up on TikTok specifically because they think that it's Gen Z or it's too young and they they just don't understand the trends. To some extent, that's kind of true. Even with this video, it's like the fact that I mean a a 40-year-old, I don't know, maybe not like a 30-year-old even might be out of touch with like college culture nowadays, right? They'll look at this and they'll be like, "Oh, I didn't know people don't know how to focus like without headphones." Like, I don't know. I didn't know people have like a million tabs open in the library. So, do you think that you kind of have to be your niche in order to come up with good concepts? >> It helps. Of course, if you go into it with an understanding, it can't be harmful. But I really do believe it can be learned. I was at a very niche UK university. I was at Oxford where a lot of these things do not apply. And you obviously I was in Union college culture, but still a lot of things I've written since are about American college culture and >> things that I didn't experience firsthand. And I just believe you can learn it. I think if you immerse yourself in it and like you say psychology incredibly it's incredibly important and it's also underlying it's more of a principle and if you can observe and understand and be thoughtful about it I really believe you can learn it >> that's great let's look at the most viral video on her account >> the second one the 1.5 million is another really good example of what we just spoke about huge amounts of what we just spoke about you can kind of see in in this Our professor just said, "If I even think Chat GPT wrote your essay, you get a zero. Whole class goes silent. If I see a single Oxford comma or fake citation, it's a zero." Chat, I am begging you to please use a humanizer for the grammar and Jenny for the fake citations. Do not risk your whole degree for Chat GPT. It doesn't love you back like that. Wow. That is a That's good. That's good copywriting. This is this is packed with with every single line has like like something emotional in it, you know? It's like the fact that she says chat is like pretty funny. >> I feel like people >> and this is these are written verbatim by me. >> Yeah. >> So, this is I know Ruby in real life and um >> she kind of >> How would you recommend finding someone like you to write things like this? whether it's writing for the same text on screen format or it's like scripting UGC talking head concepts or other things like is there an archetype of a marketer or writer who knows how to come up with these types of concepts. I think I'm biased because of my own experience, but I think if you're a company large enough, I really believe in aqua hiring young founders because I think if you go for a pure creator, which I'm not, and you know, David took a massive sort of show of faith in me, not just being a pure marketer, all of this fundamentally, everything we're speaking about is the purpose of it is to drive revenue. And if you get someone that just understands being creative and that's all that they kind of know, I think it can be hard to teach that element of conversion. Whereas if you get a young founder that has had to do this for their own app, been super scrappy. A, they understand that whole flow, but B, there's no kind of survival pressure like having to do it for your own startup. It's sink or swim. You either write good copy and your startup grows or you don't and you don't get any views or or revenue. So, I really believe in that as a method. >> That's so true. People have this misconception that viral sense is all you need. And the people who have the most viral sense are just random college students who are in the culture. And that's true cuz they'll know how to write stuff, but they won't know how to get the revenue like optimize for conversion because you don't want to just get a bunch of views. You want to get views that actually convert. And I'm very sure that this video converted at least a few people. This one is is an even better CTA actually in my opinion than than the the most viral one. Like it got less than half the number of views, but I would predict that it probably got more conversions because it's saying that she says, "I am begging you to please use a humanizer for the grammar and Jenny AI for the fake fake citations." The one that got more views is just saying it's insane that I just s saw this girl who doesn't use any of these normal things including genai is a much higher intent on the on the lower viewed video. Actually, >> 100%. And when I said before that I think we got better with how we plugged it. This is a good example. Not every viral video you're going to make is going to be perfectly in the sweet spot between verality and how hard you plug your your product. And all you got to do is learn from that. If you fall too far one side or the other, you just got to adjust. And you can see the comments. They're not raging at the creator. They are talking and really having a kind of debate about what do you mean an Oxford comma is seen as a as a signal someone's used AI. I've been using an Oxford comma since XY Z. You know, you get a little bit of write your own paper. But that's part of the course. And yeah, >> that's another good example of engagement bait rather than rage bait. >> That's really interesting to go back to what you your advice before. You said how to find good talent is to just acquire young founders because you know they're like fighting for survival and they don't just have like creative instincts. Kind of reminds me of what I've been telling people which is go on Tik Tok shop and like hire Tik Tok shop creators >> because they're fighting for their lives too. They're getting commission on the views that they get. So they can't just go viral. They have to >> they get affiliate revenue based on how well the videos convert. So, it's a little bit different because I think Tik Tok gives like a boost to Tik Tok shop videos. There's a little bit of like artificial like boosting there, but still like you want to find people that are that have a business basically business sense, not just like creative sense. >> Agree. And I think another lesson that is that you can learn from everyone. I think maybe it's easy to be pious if you're in SAS about people that are in apps and if you're in apps you could be bi you know pious about people that are in drop shipping or are in Tik Tok shop but there's a huge amount you can learn from them from everyone and it and the more you kind of open yourself up to that there are tactics from Tik Tok shop and from you know black hat ecom affiliate a world that I don't know really I don't really know how it all works but we can all learn enormous amounts from them and a huge ability to innovate is taking something from a different context and applying it in a completely new one. Um, so I think that's something I really believe in philosophically as well. >> This is basically why I created Consumer Club. Like I spent a lot of time in SF and I was like working at Google and I had these startup friends and they're doing ventureback startups and for some reason I was always into like drop shipping and like these like internet money like tactical stuff and that was my whole world and I would talk about that stuff with my friends and they just wouldn't get it at all and I was like this is weird like I feel like the worlds need to combine a little bit more. It was just like perfect timing. It was so weird. Like last year, consumer apps kind of started to blow up. Well, Jenny Aai was before that, but kind of people saw Jenny AI and then they started piling on and getting into the consumer app space. And now some of the best consumer founders are the ones that learned from e-commerce or they like literally directly came from e-commerce and started app businesses after you know finishing like exiting an e-commerce business or having some success there. So that's my goal with consumer club is to kind of combine those two archetypes of people. So we have like half ventureback people but then half bootstrap. So there's like these MR stacker type mentality of like let's just make a bunch of money right now. It's all focused on conversion. And there's some people who are like thinking about the big picture and like thinking about the tech. I think like to make a successful consumer startup, you kind of need both and combine those two worlds. I think again links to a point you said earlier about psychology. If you know how to sell to people and you know how to resonate with people, it doesn't matter if it's through meta ads, if it's through Tik Tok shop, if it's through apps or anything else. What a what an immensely valuable skill that is. >> Another concept I wanted to explore was you got acquired by Jenny AI and when we looked at your original viral video, it was it was almost like destined to get acquired by Jenny AI. When you look at like, hey, I made a website called I have a essay due at midnight and chatb2 won't stop giving me fake citations. Like Jenny Aai is an AI essay writer and you were basically solving even more niche problem than Jenny is which a Jennyai is a AI essay writer but your product was specifically with citations. It helps you make better citations also using AI. You agree it was like almost like destined to be to be acquired by Jenny A. And also would you recommend this path for beginner entrepreneurs like people who want to get their first win almost to like like choose a really cool startup that you that you see and then almost like niche down further and then just copy it but then just almost like make a feature for that startup but as your own startup. >> I think it does feel a bit like fate and I think part of that though was how I was acquired. It was completely it was through Instagram DM. They didn't DM about acquiring. It was about something completely different and it was the most unserious way an acquisition conversation has ever started. Um, so that made it feel a bit like fate. I think the interesting thing is Jenny's product. So it's AI that writes essays with you rather than it writing the essay for you. And they'd already solved fake citations. So they didn't acquire this really in any way based for product. It was essentially in the end an aqua hire. But it definitely resonated. It's a problem that they understand. I've drilled down exactly say on a really specific element of it that they a problem they really understand a solution they understand and it makes it much easier to have that conversation. Um would I recommend it? 100%. I I'm sure I'm biased by my opinion and I think the most important thing is the culture of the startup that would be buying you. So it's kind of weird that I almost in some ways became an entrepreneur and a founder so that I wouldn't have to work as an employee and then really soon after that became an employee again. It really is just testament both to the Jenny team and product but for me a massive part of it was David and it's the amount I've developed because of him personally is extraordinary and I'm a big believer in people really really big believer in the people in your close circle and the people you go and chose choose to work for. So pick a cool product and drill down on a niche but when it comes to that decision about do I want to do this? Do I think this is a place for me to learn? What's way more important than the product of the startup is the person you're going to be working most commonly with. The person that's going to be kind of the one you're learning from, the culture that they set. That is the most important thing when you should be deciding, do I want to kind of learn in this environment or keep being a founder over this time? I feel like I've heard that from other entrepreneurs like screw corporate, I'm not not going to work on a at a job. and then they build a business and they end up working at a startup, but it's not quite what they it almost feels like they're going back on what they said, but it's not quite going back on what they said cuz like I feel like as a founder, you're figuring out everything on your own and you're the domain expert. You're the one who has to know everything. And then when you transition from that to working with a founder that you really respect, then it's like now you're learning from someone who's ahead of you. It's a similar feeling because you get you get to do similar stuff. You're no longer like the smartest in the room. Like you're you're now like learning from other people and that's like also like a cool feeling. Are you hiring right now or or like what types of people do you >> uh >> talented UGC creators? Always hiring talented UGC creators. Anyone we'll we'll talk to you. We'll train you. We're great. I promise. >> Great. Yes. Work with Penny. I I mean if I was UGC I would I mean I would work I would work for Jenny. I mean this is interesting cuz a lot of times I interview founders and then I go like deeper into the product side or a little bit into the product side and like the monetization and stuff just as the growth person I guess do you touch the revenue side or the product side at all? when I was a solo founder obviously and they're very intricately linked which I think is a really good experience as a growth person again that end funnel of how does because product and growth are completely tied in and so understanding that that end to end is really valuable I don't really touch the Jenny product again because it is so deeply technical it's actually incredible and far beyond my understanding what I will say is over the next few months we're doing an experiment where we are taking a study tool more from scratch where I'm able have input directly on product where we're starting with the concept. So I'm looking at formats on on Tik Tok and social media and I'm saying this hasn't really been done in study at all but if we had a feature that did this we maybe could and I think that's really exciting and will be a very fun experiment to keep an eye on because it's almost working backwards from what you expect. You expect that product drives growth and verality but flipping that on its head I think will be very fun. >> That's really interesting. Are you optimizing it for Tik Tok? Like almost reverse engineering what's going to get views and convert on on short form. Starting with something as specific as a format. There's a format that I saw that's being used in a completely different niche. And I said, there's got to be a way we can adapt this. There's got to be a way. It's such a good format. Um, and I spent some time thinking and I said, I think this is a product that would work or a feature that would work. I said, can we build it? They said, "Yes, we're building it." And so, not not even just starting with verality, starting with something as specific as a format, um, and working backwards from there. That's so cool. I think this is the first time in history that you've been able to almost spy on product market fit. It's like you can see other people's video stats. Like, that's insane. Like, you can't you couldn't do that in the past, right? There's no medium that allowed you to just publicly view other people's marketing performance like daytoday. But now you have like these like almost hints of product market fit all over the internet. Like every time you see a viral video, it's like a hint of product market fit. It's like content market fit. And it proves that there's people in that niche that have that painoint that seem to want some kind of solution. And it it's also like content market fit. It's a It's proof that this type of video will get a ton of attention. And if there's a lot of comments and it's high engagement, then maybe like high intent attention. >> And do you have does the person watching have the viral sense to say this plugs it really hard? It's got a demo in, but >> the demo feels really natural because it's >> tied into the verality of the format. >> So that viral sense that you develop lets you be a better spy on the content than if you're just looking purely at how many likes it has. Cuz as we said earlier, it can be misleading. But if you can understand why and you can really get deep into it because of your viral sense, you're a pretty good spy. That's actually a really good way to think about content in general cuz this video is almost like it feels like marketing. And it's like obviously like at some point you could potentially believe that this was completely organic where this is literally just a random college student who made a random website you know on because they just felt like it which to some extent it kind of is like but it was like slightly manufactured as opposed to like the Ruby videos. Those videos at one point I think were completely organic like the face like reaction with the long text. It's a real organic format. Like regular people who don't do organic UGC or work on apps, like they just make content that's like this because I think a lot of people on the service, they'll watch this video and they'll be like, "Okay, this is the text on screen with face reaction in the back um format." But this is a format that marketers studied from real people who make real content on Tik Tok and then are copying it to make it look organic. But in order to find and be the pioneer of that format, you have to go out and find these real organic. It sounds like you've found that. I I'll let you gateep it cuz you don't want to put it out there yet. But there's organic videos out there that probably kind of plug a product in a really subtle way that is completely organic and you can take that format and then just turn it into a marketing format. Wow, this is such a great breakdown of marketing. I feel like a lot of people copy formats. It's not that easy of a skill actually. copying like like stealing like an artist and like getting the sense of what should you be copying is actually like very very valuable skill but then the step beyond that is like what is marketing at its core how do you get better as a marketer this conversation was like super helpful just diving into your mind and and learning those insights I think another thing as well as it's just look touching I guess to end on on Ruby is the importance I think of being personable so she's been broken found quite a lot on on Twitter and as a result quite a lot of people it's fetting quite a lot of brands have messaged her asking if she would make content for them instead and she said yes to none because one of the principles that I lead with and I think every good marketer should lead with is with your team with your colleagues with everyone build rapport don't you know treat the people that you're working with as team members not as these kind of discardable numbers and it will all just be so much better cuz people get confused like I found a great creator if you worked for a month or whatever and then she just left. There's so much competition at the moment. You have to emphasize whether it's the marketing side or the people side, retention side, people be people led. I I believe that really strongly. >> That's awesome. And just it's probably just more fun too. Like you you want to work with good people. >> Yeah. >> 100%. >> Nice. Is there anything else that I that I forgot to ask or that you wanted to share? I don't think so at the moment unless you want to see the the actual DMs from the acquisition which are quite funny. >> Oh yeah, let's look at it with the Yeah, show me that. >> So, this was on an account that kind of I was running but had the clips of a friend and family. So, Jenny thought it was a creator reached out and this is literally you can see it took it took four months from or 5 months from February to to when it actually happened. I I challenge anyone to find a less serious start, cold start to an acquisition conversation than one that uses the eyes emoji. That's so funny. Hey, hi. Hi, Becca. That's the name of the creator. I saw you create Oh, this is from the Jenny account. Jenny account messaged you and says, "Hey, saw you create content for Sitechure. Happy to partner with you." So, they're trying to poach your creator. And then you say, "Hey, I can actually do do you one better if you're looking for an acquisition." Eyes emoji. Tell me what you have in mind. Another eyes emoji. And then you kind of say, "Hey, I like we're we're a big fan of what you do. You've been a big inspiration. Love to talk about partnerships or even being acquired." Oh, wow. And then Jenny AI says, "Is he free right now?" Our CEO says he's free for the next hour. And then did you actually get on a call with David? It was the next day, but it was um I got on just straight on a call with David. Um yeah, and it all went from there. He's >> That's awesome. >> He's incredibly skilled in so many ways, but he does this a lot where he says, "Are you free right now?" And I think it's a great trade. Um but no one knows who from Jenny's side wrote those DMs. No one's claimed it. David says he doesn't think it was him, but it's possible that essentially me and him were having this conversation entirely in third person, which is also a very funny way of uh of it all going down. >> I love it. That's awesome. That is so cool. What was the acquisition like? >> Challenging, I think, in in in some ways. It's um as kind of a young reasonably up to that point scrappy founder, you've suddenly got to go through this process that you just have to respect timelines of you. It's you really want to move as fast as you can, but there are just you have to go through lawyers and you have to make sure everything is in place. You have to go through the UK tax system in in my case. Um, and it takes up a reasonable amount of time. Um, so it wasn't the easiest process, but incredibly worth it. >> Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, it was on on that very first call when we spoke, David kind of made the first offer, which was different in February, but um it's another good thing about being actionoriented is I got on that I got off that call and I was like, I want to work with this guy. I just could just great founders and great people. You don't need 10 rounds of calls to know if you want to work with them or if they're inspirational or motivating. You can just tell. Um, and it was it was really obvious. >> Yeah, that's good advice for founders that are trying to acquire or acquire as well. Just like build rapport like just be a be a normal person and talk to talk to the human and start with that and then kind of you know >> that that'll tell you like do you actually want to work together in the future and then after that you know you can figure out this strategy side of stuff. But yeah, that's that's a really cool story. I love that. Thanks so much Matt. This was awesome. I learned a ton. >> I'm glad. It was It was really pleasure. My first podcast as well. So, >> really awesome. Nice. All right. Have a good one. See you. >> Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So, you can apply to join Consumer Club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwwell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwwell.com. We have more videos on the channel. So dig into those to learn from app founders who are willing to share super tactical stuff about app growth.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [7/28] He Went From Struggling to Make $1 From His App to Turning Down $1M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtqEbgutSb4
Duration: 48:25
Words: 10,441

Jack Frics has built four apps. One of them took eight months to make its first dollar. Then it made $15,000 in one month. Another one got a million-doll acquisition offer that he turned down. And his newest one hit 100,000 downloads in 10 weeks. But by far the most insane thing about all this is that he's not a genius developer. He's not a marketing savant who religiously studied growth hacking. The way I found like a Tik Tok to promote my stop scrolling app was by consistently scrolling every morning. [laughter] So, pretty awful how it worked out. He literally just scrolled Tik Tok every day for an hour, found what was working, and then copied it. That's it. Most people would think that's lazy, but what Jack discovered is that this approach actually works better than trying to be original. And when he found a format that worked, he didn't tweak it or optimize it endlessly. He just made it 400 times. >> I made that video like 400 times, but the first like 100 times I made it, um, I knew I noticed it got like a ton of views, so I just kept making and I put the call to action to download the app right in the comments and I pin it. The result was 5 million views, thousands of downloads, $15,000 in a single month. And here's where it gets interesting. When Jack built his newest app, Lovely, he found a completely different Tik Tok format. And this one converted 20 times better than anything he' done before. This is the directly using the app. It's like an 8 to 10 second video and it's [music] just showing this is me using the app and at the end it shows directly the app. So this obviously converted like 20 times better than the 2x two slideshows. But the craziest part of this whole story isn't the downloads or the revenue. It's what happened on Twitter. >> I made this app. Someone's now using it as a grocery list. And that got even, you know, 300,000 likes. That brought 40,000 downloads overnight. 40,000 downloads in a single night because someone used his app from something he'd never intended. And then Russia News picked it up, 10,000 downloads from Russia overnight. All of this before he even posted on Tik Tok. So, in this episode, we break down how Jack went from 8 months of making almost nothing to building a multi-app portfolio that's generating serious revenue. From the specific 15-minute scrolling ritual that finds winning formats to why he turned down a million-doll offer down to the counterintuitive insight that sometimes copying really does beat creating from scratch. This is how solarpreneurs are actually building apps that make real money. [music] Let's dive in. This is the Superall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the Consumer Club Discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their payw walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwall. But one thing you might not know is Superwall has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own paywall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pod. How did you get started with Curiosity? Like describe Curiosity Quench. How much money does it make and what does it do? Curiosity Quench. I made it to solve my own problem of like doom scrolling on Tik Tok and Instagram. And then it kind of blew up in the first two months. I got like a thousand users. And basically all it does is like give people action plans to stop scrolling on their phones and like pursue one of their hobbies. And now it makes like I think $500,000 a month. Like I haven't worked on it in a year, but it really took like probably me like 8 months to really get that off the ground to actually like make money and realize that downloads don't equal money. How much was it making at its peak? At its peak, it made uh $15,000 in one month. And that was because of quite a few viral simple videos I made related to it. And I just kept using that format over and over again. >> Yeah. Everyone's trying to find like that magical like viral Tik Tok that somehow also gets downloads. So, how did you iterate to actually get to that like find that format and actually make short form video work? The way I found like a Tik Tok to promote my stop scrolling app was by consistently scrolling every morning. So, pretty awful um how it worked out. Obviously, um it's not what I wanted to do, but yeah, [music] I would scroll on like my branded page or like a page in that niche and then I would just like see like what works, what goes viral, like like get a sense for it, like really a taste. Um cuz like you're not going to figure it out just posting and not being on the platform. You have to be a user. So, I was scrolling every day and I would spend exactly like an hour on this marketing which would be scrolling and making a video. And I try a different video every day. I think I did that for like 100 200 days and I didn't really see much and then I found this, you know, video on Instagram that was doing crazy. Like it had a million views and it was four pictures and it just had a funny caption and it just showed like most attractive hobbies, right? It wasn't related to anything. It was just a fun Tik Tok and then I changed it to like just you know hobbies in my app. I used pictures from my app like the little widgets so they can tell it's from my app. Um and I just changed the caption. And I made that video like 400 times, but the first like 100 times I made it, um, I knew I noticed it got like a ton of views, so I just kept making and I put the call to action to download the app right in the comments and I pin it. You know, 5 million views later, you still get a lot of downloads even though it's not directly about the app because it's so many views. And as you can see, yeah, I've used this format for like a year and it still sometimes hits, but it's pretty much milk dry at this point. They these golden goosees don't last forever. That's interesting. you didn't really use a ton of creativity. I think that might be a misconception of people like, "Oh, I have to like, you know, really understand TikTok and [music] just, you know, be great on camera and but you you basically just scrolled until you found something that got a lot of views and then you just basically copied it." Is was there any change that you made that you tried to make it more conversion friendly like to actually get more downloads for the app compared to like the original format that you found? It's kind of a weird place. You're if you're making content that gets a lot of views, you have to also consider is this going to get downloads? Because otherwise, what's the point? But I found with this format, like every like 20 or so videos, I'd put my app in one of the pictures. And some of those would get millions of views and that would get thousands of downloads. But overall, this format's like very low converting. It's [music] there's like a trade-off between any video you make. It could be get 10,000 views and 1,000 downloads or it could get 3 million and get, you know, 100 downloads. It's really like a weird balance. I feel like both are okay. Both are great. If you can consistently find something that's going to bring in any amount of downloads, then I'm gonna like keep posting that video. And like the page on Curiosity Crunch, I use this format for like 400 videos. But before that, I was trying out like a bunch of different things and then like one just hits a bit and then I just kind of reused it because also it takes way more effort to make something new than something that you know that works. So, I just kind of kept going with it even though maybe it doesn't convert. But like, yeah, as you can see, some of them I put the app right in there. Um, and then I just like pin the comment and try to get early on pinning the comment so people actually see it cuz the thousands of people would comment on how bad, you know, these hobby lists are cuz they'd be they'd be triggered or they'd be mad about it and that would make people look at the my comment that I posted, which is about my app. >> This was one of these magical videos. You got 1.8 8 million views >> and 47,000 likes. And you also included the >> uh screenshot of the app. So, this was probably decently high converting. Do you know how many downloads to expect from around this like performance? >> Honestly, I wish I had like any clue, but I just don't because at the time, not I was running this page and another running the same format and like every week there would be a few that popped up to like a million or 2 million views. So, it's really like impossible to track. That's like the the killer part of mobile apps and making this content. You don't really know what works too well. You can't you can kind of guess, but you don't know for sure. And then also, I'm making like YouTube videos and a bunch of other videos on my personal page of like different types of formats, me talking to the camera, and sometimes those blow up. So, I have no idea. I just know that this did do very well because obviously you see it. You see like this is the only video that hits a good amount of views and the app's actually in there. >> [music] >> So this it's definitely more converting. I don't but I have no idea how much that's the pain about um I guess this strategy. >> Was this generally around the time that you made your your 15k month like 57? >> Yes, it was. This was actually like I think this was the second highest performing month. September 2024 and then Octo October was the next highest. So yeah, it's right around there. >> Gotcha. So, when you're posting over and over again, especially when you're posting stuff that's not really about the app and you're kind of just trying to build the page or get like a couple of downloads here and there from the bio and it's like kind of performing but not really, do you have a decision-m framework for pivoting to a different strategy versus like sticking with it? Cuz I feel like everyone's just like, "Oh, you got to just hustle. It's all about volume." But then like if you do that forever and it's not going to work ever, then it's like it can be discouraging. So is there a point where you wanted to quit and decided not to? >> I think at this point I didn't have like that much experience to know like to even think about that. Like I was just thinking, oh my gosh, you know, this hit 2 million views and I got like 1,000 downloads in a single day. I was like I was freaking out. I didn't like consider, oh, how can I scale this? Should I do something different? I was just like, "Okay, I got to keep doing this." What? Like, because it's working a little bit. It wasn't working like crazy, but compared to my like eight months of like, I don't know, 50 downloads a day, 60 downloads a day, and hitting 1,000 downloads a day from these like videos, I didn't even think like, how long is this going to last? I didn't think about that. I just kept pushing them out, and eventually it slowed down. Like, I think 3 months later, it slowed down. I also slowly transitioned of working off this app at the time because I had another project that was just doing like insanely well. So this kind of >> Let's talk about that for a little bit. The elephant in the room is like how in the world did you post this many like how did you post this much volume? >> I was posting every day to this account to another account on Instagram and like reposting them with Tik Tok and shorts and it got really painful obviously like you know it takes like an hour and a hour of my day just to post these Tik Toks. Um, and then like I actually have to work on the app. So I ended up making a whole another app which took over my time to post that. It's called PostBridge and it's just like a social media scheduling tool. It was very simple, basic. Upload a video, post it to all the channels you want to post it to and then like forget about it. So I would schedule out like batches of content for like a week or two um of these videos or just like on the day of it. Then it would only take me 10 minutes to make it and post it versus if I posted it manually. And that ended up eating up all my time because it ended up doing so much better than what my app was doing at the time. Um, and it kind of blew up a lot easier. I guess there was like the second I launched it, it did well. So then I stopped working on the mobile app that I made, >> but I made the there's a whole purpose. It was like a a weird life cycle there. But yeah. Yeah. So you've you've built two more mobile apps uh after Curiosity Quench, but then you you're also building B2B, you know, helping people like post on social media more efficiently. But I want to stay on on PostBridge for a little bit cuz you got an offer on Twitter a few months ago for like a million dollars for this SAS. Like could you tell that story a little bit? >> Yeah, I think that was like April last year. I was actually um in Mexico at the time by the pool and like I saw that in my um saw that kind of tweet and I talked about it like I it was like a whole big thing. I think that was the best month for you know my SAS actually like the most customers coming in but um Sahil from Gumroad casually offered like a million dollars saying he'd buy PostBridge for a million dollars but then like I realized I didn't want to sell it at the time cuz it was doing so well. Not sure if that was the best decision considering it was only making I think like 12,000 a month at the time. So, it's kind of an insane offer. I don't even know what to say about at this point because obviously um it was a cra it's a crazy offer and probably a crazier offer to decline at that point, but I just like didn't really want to stop working on PostBridge yet. So, I didn't want to I didn't want to sell it. It's crazy how that happened cuz at the time everyone was saying telling me to sell it. Um but I just like I didn't want to. So, >> what was the what was kind of like the the reasoning at the time? >> I mean, the reasoning was like it was also at it was at its all-time high. Like, >> right, >> it's been grow it was growing like 30 40% over a month. Um, the growth obviously slowed down and maybe it was silly to decline it, but like can't I mean, I've been having fun working on PostBridge. So, I've been trying to optimize for that. Um, that's probably why you'll see some of my apps could make more money like if I had like hard pay walls, but I just I'm also trying to have fun when I'm building stuff. Um, and I think that's kind of overlooked a lot. Like I know there's obviously you want to make more money, you want to have like a higher converting pipeline of all the things you do, but I think fun for me is like it's just like the best part of it cuz if I'm going to be, you know, working for myself and building, I want to make sure it's enjoyable. And that's why I didn't like I didn't sell the time because I was having I was enjoying myself and it was making money. Like it was still doing, you know, a lot of money every month. So, and it's still like making money at this point. So, it's doing good. Yeah, looks like it's still making around 20k MR. So, you're getting the cash flow. And if you had done the acquisition, who knows, maybe it wouldn't have even gone through and taken a ton of energy and time away. But >> instead, you just continue to make, you know, a bunch of money each month and >> yeah, >> you know, some flexibility to work on other stuff. Let's look at Curiosity Crunch for a little bit because this is your one of your first apps ever and you're >> um was this your first app ever? And then like how did you think about >> you know building the actual like user experience and the monetization? >> It was my first app when I originally made it. I didn't like think about um making money too much. I was like very much just like I wanted this idea to come to life. That's kind of how all the things so far have went. And I can show you the figma I have of how bad it looked originally. What was the monetization strategy? How did you make your 15k month like onboarding, pay walls, trials? Yeah. What were some of the most important things that you kind of >> learned making my first app? >> Basically, I just wanted to see an idea come to life, which was like a new way to stop scrolling. Instead of putting time blockers up, I wanted people to have hobbies, you know, hobbies that they enjoyed and be able to get action plans to do those hobbies. Um, so you're going to see here, this is like my original payw wall. I wasn't thinking about like too much about how monetization worked. I had like credits, these quench credits and they were confusing and users didn't understand it at all. So that didn't very work very well. Even when I launched the desktop app originally before mobile app, um people were kind of confused on how it worked and it not many people ended up buying it. U but a few people did which was pretty crazy for me. It was like my first money on the internet and then I realized slowly if I want to get people off their phones, I need to make a mobile app version. So that's what I ended up doing. It ended up looking kind of okay. basically like you add a hobby to your list and then you can use a quench credit to get a plan for it. And this was like when chatbt was kind of just first coming to the mainstream like and you could do cool things like this like get custom plans for any topic. That's how the idea came to life and then like I redesigned it. These are kind of some of the example plans. I ended up like trying to market it on YouTube for like many many months because I didn't this is my first app. I don't know how to get users. Um, and the only way I was getting users before this was YouTube and like making talking head Tik Toks. I had like 400 days of me just showing the app demo and some of those blew up too, which was very nice, but it was very inconsistent um to get any downloads. And then this is like before and after kind of interesting of I guess what my pay wall, if you call it that, looked like and how I was monetizing. before on the left here and then after when I like I used uh Super Wall and I could make like something a lot nicer and then that helped my monetization a ton. Um just having a trial alone and using Super Wall to like make these pay walls and test things was like kind of my light bulb moment for making money with this app after like 5 months of I think $500 to $1,000 with my poor payw wall. And then after that it kind of started going up to like you know two to three to $4,000 a month. But yeah, this is like [music] the very rough drafts of the app and then I even had someone redesign it. Um, it looks really nice now, but it was like this is over a course of a whole year. Like this isn't something that I guess happened super quickly. I guess like you went from around one like the payw wall is when you went from about $1,000 a month to $2 to $4,000 a month. What about this payw wall do you think made it higher converting? So, I guess the main thing was realizing that payw walls exist. Like before I like kind of ran into a super wall. I didn't really realize that this standard was like to have a payw wall. I just had like a shop where you could buy the premium access. So, it would just say you need premium and they'd have to go find the premium access themselves, figure out how to get it. I added the payw wall first with revenue cap, but like you can't I couldn't customize anything. It was like very clunky. And then I migrated to Superwall and I could like test, you know, I could test the headers, I could test the copy, like what actually works better, what converts to more dollars per user. I could like gate certain features and like just playing around with all those things over the course of like 3 to 4 months let me get like the average user way more likely to actually buy the app. Like just all these little things testing and doing. And I think initially what really helped was the free trial, like having an option. Um, and SuperWell kind of made me realize that's like a standard, just the standards I guess there that I didn't know of and wasn't aware of cuz it was my first mobile app. And then Superwwell kind of has those baked in like they have the standards baked in. I didn't have to think about it. I realized after the stand what the standards are, but just putting the payw wall up and now I could do it on my new app in like, you know, 5 minutes, set it up, it just like increased the chance that someone's going to buy cuz it looks like legit. But [laughter] this is I mean I don't know if you'd buy from this left one. I would. So >> yeah, it looks a bit crazy. Was this a pure template that was like one of the defaults on Superwall for the payw wall or did you have to use Super Wall to kind of like AB test a bunch of variations and variables of of this payw wall? Is this like the or is it just >> these are both So the main two pay walls I used were were templates. Yeah. And I just added my logo and I changed the colors basically. For one of them I added like an asset that I had but yeah basically just the templates. Um templates are really good. So I mostly just use those. >> So let's talk about your next two apps. You made DOF and then you made Lovely. So um what made you want to go from Curiosity Quench to DOF and then Yeah. How much money was DOF making? I went from making Curiosity Quench to my social media scheduling tool to then doing another like challenge to make a mobile app in 30 days and get it to $1,000 from zero. And that was when I made a food diary app called Doof. Successfully got to $1,000 within 30 days. The main marketing was Instagram and Tik Tok and then obviously um Twitter. And the reason I made it was just cuz like again, this is a common theme with all the things I make. I wanted it to exist. I wanted to see it. At the time I was trying to eat, you know, less junk food, trying to cut out my sugars and kind of try out a new way of eating, like log how my foods make me feel. And if they make me feel good, log it. If they make me feel bad, log it. And then like also have some tools to like flip a coin. You can kind of see it in the features to flip a coin. So like if you're tempted to eat something, you can adjust the odds. If you guess the coin right, you can eat it. If not, you can't. And it was just a fun app that was an idea in my head for a while before that I I wanted to see. And then yeah, I mean, I got it to like $1,000 in revenue, I think, in the first month. And again, I just used a super wall template. I didn't think too hard about the pay wall. was kind of the standards were set up for me and then after that month I don't think I've worked on it since honestly mainly just because again my other business it was more profitable more easy to work on more fun in all those ways but this account so you were you doing the same format like the slides for this one >> so for doof I ended up reusing cuz I was pretty lazy the same format I tried a few things before I went back to this like triedand-rue format but like I couldn't get any videos to pop like do super well in the first week but typically I think I should probably have went back like some one of them hit 5 million views on the left there and like it kind of blew up and that got like a bunch of downloads for that month um to the app because all it really takes is one good video and one good video that brings downloads in. This did bring quite a bit of downloads cuz 5 million views is an insane amount of views but not like as much as maybe a direct app promotion but yeah like do still I could make videos on it again and find formats that work in this niche because there's definitely a market for it. I think that's a big thing for consumer apps is you have to like it only really works with consumer apps and this format because people don't want to see ads. So all the videos I try to make they try to make them look not like ads. That's like the main goal I guess with organic format cuz people aren't going to watch it if it's an an ad. You're not even promoting the app at all. You're just mentioning it very casually in the caption. You say feel good today by downloading doof heart emoji and then like the actual content is just a meme. people who eat like this feel good, sleep good, and poop good. And people are just it's just funny. Like it it's like, you know, 5 million views of just casual random people who just thought it was funny. And then like a few% of those people are like reading the caption and being like, "Okay, this is a meme about eating well." And then like, "Oh, there's an app that helps you feel good while you're eating. Like, okay, maybe I'll try it." Would you try to replicate this strategy where you don't mention the the app at all? Like are you is it worth it to try to like go mega viral or is it just kind of like complete luck? >> No, I think it is worth it, but I don't think it should be at this point the only bet. It's like a bet. Like you're putting your chips on one format. I don't think that's the best option. But every app's going to be different too cuz different like you know this food app and my Curiosity Quench, it's kind of the same format. I think the type of person who's going to download Curiosity Quench, the first app, is probably higher performing even though it's the same format because like kind of it's more niche, I guess. So, it really depends. But at this point, like I made a I just made a new app and it's got 100,000 downloads in I think 10 weeks and I didn't use this format because one, it's kind of outdated. Like it's been overused, but two, but yeah, like you said, it doesn't convert as well and I think there's better formats out there. This is like a piece of silver, but there's like pieces of gold you can find. Most of these viral organic strategies come back to finding and tweaking formats that are already working. And it's not that hard to find viral Tik Toks. You can just scroll the for you page. But it is hard to find viral Tik Toks that actually promote apps in a subtle way. So, a consumer club member actually built a tool that does that. It's called Spy Talk. Basically, it brain rot scrolls Tik Tok for you and then finds Tik Toks in your niche that promote apps. Let me show you here. Spy talk found this viral outlier slideshow in the love and relationships niche that promotes the lovers widget. So it shows you the exact slides, the engagement metrics, the AI tags that describe what kind of video it is and then you can bookmark and save them for inspiration. Yes, this is a sponsored segment. I partnered with Spy Talk to bring this tool to the Consumer Club and the Superwall audiences. It's used by top consumer app teams like AMO, Voodoo, 11 Labs to fuel the creative research for their organic social growth. This isn't one of those tools that promises you'll generate thousands of videos with zero effort and just go viral overnight. But in my opinion, creative research is the bedrock of all organic growth strategy. So, I actually highly recommend spytalk.com. Let's look at your piece of gold. What is your new app? Yeah, so my new app is lovely. It's a app for couples. Again, I made it for myself cuz I wanted it to exist for me and my fiance. Um, one of my friends mentioned it to me. He's like, "You should make a couple's app." And I I originally made this app actually so I could go on and then used my other SAS Postbridge to kind of show like how do I use this to promote my mobile apps. But this is blown up like insane, crazier than I thought. The main premise behind it was originally just a a widget, like a widget on your home screen. It's in [music] one of those. You send a doodle. It's like and it ends up on the home screen. And on Twitter it blew up like three different times for three different reasons which kind of made me realize that this is like something really good. And then after I found even in the last I think it was only in two weeks ago I found a format that is basically a direct ad for the app but still gets millions of views which is kind of insanely lucky. I'll be honest, but it's because I was doing kind of scrolling in my niche for couples and watching other apps like competitors even seeing what content they're posting and then the second I caught wind of something that's going like doing really well where it's basically just a feature of the app, I remade the whole feature in my app in the day and then I posted videos about it the next. But I don't know if you want to go that far ahead or go back to like the beginning where we got like uh a few thousand downloads in the first day without any Tik Tok. >> We'll get to the Tik Tok in a bit. What was the tweet that made you realize this was a pretty interesting idea? >> Yeah, so I had a launch tweet that I basically just said, I'm working on this app for the rest of the year and I got 12 I think 10 weeks. I wanted to bring it from $0 to $5,000 a month. And that tweet I think it like I basically quote tweeted it like six times with updates and more context. And each time they would get a bunch more views, a bunch more likes cuz it's like a story of how I'm one building this app and two planning on actually making money and how the app actually works. So people were interested in two things. How I'm going to make $5,000 a month from my brand new app in 10 weeks. And then the second thing being this app is actually kind of cool. Like I can actually send love notes to my like to my partner on their home screen. And like those two things were really interesting as like a story, as like a piece of content, I guess, even on Twitter. And the tweet kind of blew up. Like the launch tweet kind of blew up. I can try to find it. So yeah, I launched the app with like a really basic tweet just like for fun, like, hey, I'm I'm growing this app. Um here's what it does and this is what I'm trying to do. And then I showed it in context like so it's clear like what it does. Um, it's a love note app and there's like a love note on the home screen, which is basically what I said here. Uh, and then this tweet did really well cuz I kept adding context. I used a bunch of of quote tweets. People would also post things like replacing the love note, which one of them blew up insanely. Uh, they replaced the love note with a grocery list. Um, and then that got like 16 million views. Um, 33,000 likes and it's basically pointing people directly to my app. And then I added more context to this tweet and I said, uh, basically what's happening like I made this app, someone's now using it as a grocery list. Uh, and that got even, you know, 300,000 likes. That brought 40,000 downloads overnight before this happened, like a week and a half before, cuz this is a week and a half after the launch. I tweeted this out, the launch tweet, and Russian news picked it up, and like 10,000 people the next day after I launched it downloaded the app from Russia, which was kind of insane to begin with. And then like that obviously I tweeted about it, people looked at the tweet, people saw the app, and like it was like a neverending cycle of like interesting things that are happening and they're all about this app. So thousands of people downloaded it just from seeing this like what is going on on Twitter. And then a week and a half later, this happens, which is like, you know, 20 million views to basically my app tweet. >> Yeah, that's crazy. So many downloads from Twitter. Like, I feel like most people wouldn't expect that. And then Instagram or you did Instagram and or a Tik Tok for this one, too, right? >> Yeah. So, I started promoting on Tik Tok about a week after these tweets went kind of viral. Um, and and it kind of started slowing down like the downloads per day. that added, I think, 2,000 MR or 3,000 MR just from that, like the Twitter tweets and the Russian news. Um, and then I changed the app to Fremium from a hard payw wall cuz I got a lot of bad reviews about the hard payw wall and I wanted more of my friends to be able to use it as well. Uh, and then I started posting on Tik Tok. The first Tik Tok I'm using like a USVPN on my old burner phone. I have it here. Um, and just posting one a day, trying new formats, as I said, scrolling in my niche, and I found some that I could probably apply. Uh, my second one I posted hit like 150,000 views at the time. The day I posted it, it's like a Tik Tok about relationship, so it ties into the couples app, but this probably brought, I think, like 100, 200 downloads. So, this is one of these formats that is not a piece of gold. It was a piece of like silver or copper. Lots of views, but it didn't convert. And then I kept um trying that format to see if I could make it convert better by like being in the comments, but again like nothing noticeable in downloads. And then I saw a competitor, another couple's app, making videos that look like this. Very basically exactly like this. I made the feature in a day and I put it out there and I started making videos the next day with this format. It's like a shared whiteboard. It's not a lock screen. It kind of looks like a lock screen. It's a shared whiteboard feature I already had in my app. I just made it a presentation mode. And then um yeah, I mean you can see here that I think the fifth video really blew up 490,000 views and then the next two also kind of kept like I posted at this point two a day and then I scaled it up to three a day and now a bunch of them have hit like 500,000 million you know 10,000. and it's kind of slowed down. But then also I started posting these on Instagram when I started doing this format and as you can see here the first one I posted had like 300,000 views and a bunch of them hit like um you know a few million a million a million and this is all in the last 2 weeks. This so this is the directly using the app. Um it's like an 8 to 10 second video and it's just [music] showing this is me using the app and at the end it shows directly the app. So, this obviously converted like 20 times better than the 2x two slideshows. And this is kind of where I've iterated to at this point. I haven't gone past this format. I don't It's not going to work forever. Um, but so far between the Twitter viral post and this format, finding this gem, we're at like a 100,000 total downloads. Yeah. [music] So, 102,000 users, 10,000 proceeds, and I think the MR is about 4,200. So, Wow. So, it looks like you're about to hit your your 5K MR goal by end of year, maybe. >> Yeah, that's hopefully, fingers crossed. >> Um, yeah, >> that Instagram format is like Yeah, like that's the gold because it's relatable. It feels very organic, authentic, but it's also like completely showing the app. >> And it's even like it's a video of demonstrating the app of the shared whiteboard feature, not just a screenshot. Like with the Curiosity Quench, >> you at least showed the like >> the app store screenshot >> and that was like, you know, a little bit um of an ad, but this is like a complete ad, but it it's like in a familiar organic format. Why do you think these go viral? The format is just doing so well on Instagram. Is it the caption? Is it purely just the concept of like the whiteboard? I noticed that a lot of your like text on the screen captions are also like the the copyrightiting on that feels very organic and it feels like >> kind of like oh like you know I'm looking at this one. It's like tag the one or may this type of love and care find you. And I think that type of language is like kind of native to the audience that you're trying to to reach. >> Yeah. I mean, I'll be honest, I don't think I'm that again creative here. I don't I didn't like try to figure out or engineer a new format. I saw this on Tik Tok. Um, not on Instagram. Like I don't think anyone's really posting that too much on Instagram. Even months ago, I see people have posted something similar, other couples apps. And but recently, I saw it going viral on Tik Tok. This exact format. some other app posting it. I knew if it's going viral for them, I can make it go viral for me. So, I didn't have to think about why it's working. I just needed to get the video out and see what happens. Um, so I didn't like think about why is it going viral, why is it doing good. I just said, okay, if it is, I'm going to trust the algorithm and I'm going to try to post something very similar for my app. And that's kind of exactly what I did. That's kind of how I got here. >> It went viral on Instagram and Twitter. On Twitter, it was also the app interface. So, it was like one of those gold formats again where you're showing the app on and like the app itself is kind of like what's going viral. Like, have you changed the way you think about organic marketing and content marketing through this experience versus Curiosity Quench? Cuz the format's very different. Like, if you're to build a new app in the future, are you only focusing on apps that like look good on TikTok? I think honestly um I did just get better at like spotting what I could possibly make work for formats, but I'm not sure if I would like necessarily know a better way for certain apps to market than like what I did for Curiosity Quench. And I think I'd still make apps that are like harder to market. Um if the idea is there, I think I think the idea is the biggest part like can you make something out of your niche, out of your idea that is like interesting, is is kind of grabbing and that's what I tried to do. I think with most of the things I make like I think you can basically make any app interesting by the way you frame it or like viral and approachable through a different type of format. It's just that's when the creativity comes in I think and I don't think there's like any one answer to like do this you get that. It's like very iterative. It has to be just everything has to be tested and you have to try things and get a sense for what people like cuz even on Tik Tok and Instagram usually the two platforms don't correlate. I got lucky that this video is doing good on both, but usually it does good on one and not the other. So, um like I could not have predicted this, right? So, I don't even know what to say to someone making a mobile app other than like get it out there and see what happens. Start making videos, start doing something and like you're like going to be 10 times ahead of the person who you know been sitting on their hands and knees wondering. >> So, what is what is that process? cuz it sounds like the digging for gold process is actually just scrolling Tik Tok or scrolling Instagram like you said and then trying to find a format. So, do you have a process for that? >> Set I set a timer for 15 minutes and then I just like go on my phone. Really? That's like the whole process mostly. And I'd save things like use a save feature on Tik Tok and Instagram and save things. So then when I set aside 30 minutes to an hour to make a video in the day, um I have things to draw from. But some days I don't like some days I will be like I'm just gonna make a shitty video. I'm just gonna try something. And sometimes those shitty videos actually do really well. Even if I don't have like a super great feeling about some posting something, I usually would still try in the early days to like try something new every day and get it out there. Do you feel like there's a lot of content out there that you can copy or get inspiration from? Like in that 15-inute session where you're just scrolling and trying to find something to bookmark for later, are you finding like a gem every session? >> I would say I think I find a gem every session and then I realize it was 8 months ago and no one wants to see that type of content anymore. But still, I can learn a lot in 15 minutes for like even if I see a video that's not in a related niche, my brain can kind of figure out like how this could be connected to my thing. It could be a video about some completely different thing, but it's the format that's there. There's like a listicle or there's a certain 6second background video with this overlay of caption. You do have to stretch some existing something that's doing well. There's something to it. And if you can try to get some of what's working for an existing viral video rather than starting over from scratch, I think that's the best way to go. You said your brain just makes the association and sees how this gem that you just found could apply to the app that you're working on and how you could use it for marketing. I think that brain habit that you kind of unconsciously do is basically the core of marketing and like creativity in marketing. Did you have to train that? Do you like do you think it's trainable to as you're going about your day in your life, you just see a billboard or you see a Instagram post and you just think, "Oh, I could take this piece of this and then use it in marketing." Like, did you always have that? I didn't always have it. So, when I'm trying to market like a new app, I'm on Tik Tok scrolling and even when I'm not on TikTok, I'm like, it's in my head. like I just can't stop thinking about how could I make something interesting that's related to my app as a piece of content and like that people want to watch and it results in downloads back of my head that's like the thought that's recurring but I didn't always have that um I think it's just over time I just like my I put like a thought into my brain like this is what I want to I kind of figure out a consistent habit I think helps a lot like I have like this set aside time to reach to do this goal and [music] now my brain is going to be thinking about this even when I'm not in that set aside time. >> Is there any other way to train it? Like what was your past? I'm just curious like even before the apps, like were there other marketing things, any like business things that you were doing? >> Before I learned how to code, uh I think like 2 and a half years ago now, I was like trying for 3 years a bunch of different businesses. Print on demand, um Amazon KDP, like selling books, selling t-shirts, designs, crypto. I got a crypto YouTube channel. I guess over time it led me to realize that I need to make stuff for myself and figure out how to bring people to them. So that was like the two things I started off with newsletters and like you're talking about something, but you don't make money from newsletters unless you are selling a product. And then slowly, I guess, I built up the skill of being able to make something interesting or sound valuable because when I first built my first app, I figured out quickly like people don't want to buy something unless you give them a reason to, unless you're solving a problem or making something unique or like taking a new angle at it. Over like five years of just like trying different things, I picked up a bunch of different accidental habits that basically ended up me being a bit obsessed with like certain marketing creatives without even thinking about it. I guess like it's just like it's all towards one overarching goal, which is like to make the thing I'm making make money and how do I actually like do that? And the only answer is like getting people to download or use it. Then my brain just thinks about the videos that could get people to download or use it. That's a good learning. Everyone's trying to find that idea. You've basically tried everything [laughter] like Amazon, book selling, like crypto, YouTube channels, newsletters. Newsletters is interesting because that's like pure writing. What did you learn about how to make people see value in in something enough to pay or even like to sign up for something from newsletters? I feel like it's like a such a abstracted skill or like thing that I've learned over so many years because I was writing the newsletters not really to make money just because someone told me you could make money making newsletters. It was kind of a weird venture and then I was a personal painoint business. >> No, no, it wasn't like that. So before that time I was just doing trying things that are random like I didn't really have any thought about what a business should be. And now I realize that a profitable business is something that solves like a problem. But that didn't enter my consciousness until like 2 or 3 years into me trying to make money on the internet. Interesting. Does that ever feel limiting at all? Like you know I I need to solve like something personal to me. Like a a trap that some people get into is okay, I need to solve something that's personal to me and then they just think of something that's a problem in their life and then they try to think of a solution. But it seems like the way that you ideulate is not 100% like that. It's like you you have an idea of, you know, a problem in your life or something that feels personal to you, but then the app idea ends up being something that is more of a twist on something that already exists. So it's like you're almost like prevalidating the problem and then for the solution, you're also like prevalidating that a little bit instead of just inventing a completely new invention. You're like finding something that exists. Does that like sound accurate? >> I guess when especially when I think about it more, everything that I've made has a successful counterpart. Even my first app, even though the idea was completely different to like anything existing out there, the marketing part I still took from existing apps in that niche to see what they're doing and to push like that painoint. So everything I've made, not only a personal like I guess solution, but like a revamp of something that is already extremely working and successful and making money. >> Right. Right. Another thing is like Curiosity Quench was a single player app. It's something where you're trying to get unaddicted to your phone and screen time. Doof is also like solving press. Lovely was like it's like a two-player app. There's two people. It's not quite a social app like Instagram or Facebook or whatever. the dynamic of trying to grow that app feels like slightly different or at least the the the way that you build the app is a little bit different. Are you finding any niches of apps that you would want to pursue next that like do you think that it's it's a good idea to stay in kind of like the single player AI space or are you pretty open with like the types of app ideas you're interested in? >> I think like any app that sounds fun to make I'd make it. I can't even think far ahead enough to be like what do I work want to work on next because I'm just so I guess focused on the thing in front of me right now. Um but I don't I don't really think it matters too much like is there two people in the app? Is there one? Is it social? Like I guess the premise of the app just has to be inviting enough and clearly has success that you can recreate in some way. So that's why I've stuck to I guess the more like single player apps and even lovely I think I got very it's very interesting because I didn't realize how effective it is to have two people in an app in this sense for couples apps are really good for making money in a way because the boyfriend if the girlfriend asks them to buy the app they're probably going to pay for it and [music] it's like oh you don't love me you didn't pay for this couple's app so it's kind of it's kind of funny but but I feel like it it does have like an effect I think there is something there and also If two people are using something and they're enjoying it together, they're more likely to talk about it, to be like happy about it because it's like this thing that's connecting them. So that that's something I just lucked out on mostly by this app niche. There's like good and bad parts of every app niche, I think. And that's the good of this one. I don't know what the bad is. I can't think of it right now, but the good of a single player app might just be that like there might just be like a really painful problem you need to solve and you solve it. But I just know that um if an app solves a problem or if an app is like interesting enough, it it can make money, especially if it's in obviously a proven niche, a proven like there's other apps like it. And then that's where I usually go from. >> I like that insight though. It's like you should think about who's the buyer and why are they buying. >> Yeah. >> And boyfriend I I I've never thought about it. It just kind of happened. >> Yeah. Yeah. Is there anything that has changed about your mindset after making money? Cuz I feel like as you're telling your story, it's like very relatable like you're grinding. Like you start from the goal which is okay, I want to make money presumably like in a way that feels like I have freedom and I'm my own boss. I'm, you know, I'm able to be experimental. And you're trying and trying and trying and it's like not working out. And then you kind of come across a Eureka moment for you. It was like, oh, I need to build something that's more personal to me. and then you start making a bunch of money. Has your mindset shifted at all in your approach to building? >> I think my mindset has not shifted from when I started making money cuz when I started making money, I realized I needed to make something that's valuable. Um, and now I think that's still true. I'm just happier about building those things. Before I would stress more. Um, so I think that's the only thing that's a bit less stress. Like it's a bit less beating myself up if I don't work like every day for this many hours. Um, I think that's the really the only thing that's changed. I still try to like to do everything myself at this point. I am going to like reinvest the money that Lovely has made and like back into the app. I haven't done that before. Usually I don't reinvest the money like and hire people to kind of scale marketing and just see what works. But my mindset's basically the same. It's just like being curious, trying things, doing things myself, and trying to learn as much as I can and trying to have fun along the way and be profitable. Like profitability is everything I think especially for at least me as a I want to stay solo. I want to stay very small. So profitability is like the number one metric to be able to keep going and that's still the mindset I've put in from like 3 years ago to now. You said something that made me want to ask about this a little bit. So you're reinvesting in marketing to scale. So you're at 4K a month right now with Lovely and you want to reinvest to do even more distribution and just double down. And so like what are your plans for that? >> So the app's premium right now. So paid ads don't really make sense. Like maybe they do. I've never really used paid ads. Um maybe I'm silly. Um so don't take that to heart. But reinvesting money into Lovely basically right now means hiring some people to help me post that format that's winning right now. Instead of one, two accounts like 20, 30, 40, I'm posting like a lot more volume like hundreds of videos a day. Not sure if it will work if the you know algorithms will detect it. I think Instagram is probably the best bet there. I've already paid like I think a,000 bucks is like what I've paid so far reinvested and then the accounts are getting like set up now. So that's what I'm doing right now for Lovely. I've never done that before. It's always been me, but we'll see how it goes. I don't know. Like we're still in the testing phase. >> So you're trying to like 100x the volume. How do how do you find those people to help you post? >> For me, it's been Twitter. like I just like obviously posted about the app journey and I see um people in my feed like talking about it and then also I have some like friends who are kind of in the same space as me who have been using like these other people to try stuff. So um just through like word of mouth basically in Twitter and I found people who want to try to help me out too and like they see what I'm doing and they like it. >> So yeah >> that's awesome. I will be very curious to see how it goes. So you guys can follow Jack on Twitter and to follow along the scaling journey. But thanks so much, Jack. This is really good. Um, I learned a lot and thanks for thanks for being on the show. >> Yeah, thanks for having me, Joseph. >> Awesome. Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord, sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So, you can apply to join Consumer Club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwall podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwwell.com. We have more videos on the channel.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [8/28] he had nothing.. until he built a stupid simple $30k/mo app with AI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyaWU1qxQg4
Duration: 55:42
Words: 11,152

Imagine working 20 hours a week from anywhere in the world on a business you love while it prints money in your sleep. That was Dimmetri's life for 5 months. There was like a period of like 5 months during which I was just working on your movie AI and it was making money and I was just working like 20 30 hours a week traveling exploring having fun watching numbers go up. Being not accountable to anybody and just like making money in your sleep is incredible. >> But getting there was a brutal 2 and 1/2 year grind. He wasn't a marketer. He didn't know how to build apps. And for the first year and a half, he made almost nothing. >> Six months before I started monetizing, another year to hit the first thousand dollars, then a year to hit like 10. And then a year later, I was at 28. >> So, what changed? Some would say he got lucky. He was early to AI and he was building with GPT3 before ChatGpt was even a thing. And the novelty of his app got him featured everywhere. >> We were early to this. So, there was also a lot of excitement around AI. So, we wound up getting a lot of media attention. At one point I was on like Fox, CNBC, Wired, Washington Post. >> But here's a twist. These PR articles didn't actually bring in users. It gave him something a lot more valuable. >> The PR itself didn't generate any money but allow us like a really good SEO strategy. We had very good domain authority at the door. >> With that domain authority, he built an SEO machine that drove half his traffic all the way to 30K a month. But he didn't do that part alone. While he was still working his full-time tech job, he hired a team all from Upwork. At >> one point, I had like 10 to 12 different contractors, most of them working only a couple of hours per week. I was a manager at the time. I didn't need to pay myself the money. I could afford to be not profitable for a while cuz I still had my day job. >> He scaled the business to $30,000 a month using his salary to pay the contractors that fueled the SEO machine. And just when he was about to quit, >> Open Door did a giant layoff in November. So, I got a severance package and an exit on top of everything else. That was like the happiest, probably the happiest moment in the past couple of years. >> In this episode, Dimmitri breaks down the playbook for building a profitable side business from scratch, how to turn PR articles into a defensible SEO moat, how to hire a team of contractors on Upwork to scale while you're still employed, and the exact revenue milestone you need to hit before you can quit your job for good. This is a master class on the slow but strategic and sustainable path to building a business that sets you free. Let's dive in. This is the Superall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the Consumer Club Discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their payw walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwall. But one thing you might not know is Superwal has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So, recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own payw wall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pod. What is your move AI and how much money did it make at peak? >> Um, your move AI started as a joke, but it became an AI that basically automated online dating. Um, at peak recently, it's been making 30K a month, about 80% margin. um and doing everything from telling you what to text to writing your profile to telling you what photos to use to I think as of like a year and a half ago we started actually making the photos. That's that's interesting. Is this the only product that does the profile review and profile writer stuff and the photo? Cuz I think I've seen these various like I've seen chat obviously, right? cuz that's um you know that's the whole Blake Anderson you know um RZ GPT type stuff and that was really popularized but this what what what year did you start this? >> So this was I think I started my thing about a year before the whole RZ thing. Um I at the time did not know how to build apps or how to market at all. So I was early but just did not capture nearly as much of the market. There's other people that do both photos that do profile writer that do profile reviews. Um, all in all, we tried like 12 different products. Um, and these are the products that stuck around that make money. It's uh, yeah, it's a bigase, but I I think I I started this back in 2022, back when it was just a like literally a text box on your move. You copy a message that you get from Hinge and it will give you three flirty responses. >> Interesting. So, you said it started out as a joke. How, like, tell me that story. >> I was literally drunk at a party. Um, I think it was originally called Aspie.ai. AI um very quickly rebranded from that after about a day. Um but I was I was drunk at a party and I was telling a friend like what if we um this was back in like the Da Vinci 2 days um of AI back before Chad GPT before anybody was talking about it. Um and I was a data science manager and I was spending a lot of my time reading hacker news and playing around with tech because that's what managers and thought leaders seem to do. It actually originally started with I was building a Slackbot as a joke to replace myself as a manager using Da Vinci too. I was like actually what if I use this uh to text on dating apps and my friend was like you should build this and spent a weekend seeing if we could get the uh then like GBT2 AI to flirt. Um realized it was terrible at flirting but it was still better at flirting than I was at the time. Um, so put it up on a website and uh very quickly realized that this is something that people want. As funny as I thought it was, there was like a lot of friends that were like, "Wait, can I use this? Can I give this to friends?" And I'd built a lot of stuff before cuz I'd wanted to build a company, but I've never felt that like that pull. It was always kind of the push like, "Oh, like would you try this thing? Would you use this? Oh, are you a target user for something like this?" I've never felt that like, "Wait, this halfbaked terrible thing that you built in a day. Wait, can I can I use it?" Can I give it to people? Oh my god, this is so helpful. >> That's a that's like a very strong signal for consumer products or I guess any product in general. To me, that's a strong signal that it's highly monetizable, too, cuz it sounds like people have it's like very high intent. And when there's a high intent, like I really need this problem solved, then people want to monetize. So, this is is this like a hard pay wall or is it fremium? >> It's still soft payw wall. I mean, at the time when I started building this, um, it took me like 6 months to even monetize cuz I I think I was still running on the old vision like, oh, you build a company and you get users and then you monetize it later. Um, that I I think everybody now knows kind of doesn't make sense, but this product is still running on a soft payw wall. Um, the AI photo is obviously hard payw wall because the compute cost on that is quite high. Um, but yeah, >> so this still makes money to this day. Yeah. Um I sold the company about four or five months back. I don't know the financials currently. Um but when I left it was like I think it peaked at 30 and then I was making 28k in revenue when I stopped working on it. >> Wow. Okay. So like around 30k in revenue pretty consistently and then can you say anything about the exit price or not? >> But it also took a while to build it up. I feel like there's a bunch of stories of people that like hid that amount of money in like a month. This took me like two and a half years. Um, I was working full-time for almost the entire time of it. Um, but it was it was very much like a slow process of building up my first business, my first startup. It was it was not an art. It was very much a like like a year and a half to hit the first $,000. Like 6 months before I started monetizing, another year to hit the first $,000, then a year to hit like 10, and then a year later I was at 28. But did you have like motivation milestones? Because it's really easy to quit when you have like no progress for a long time, but I imagine you had like user numbers flowing in so you kind of thought, okay, there's something here. I had user numbers like I feel like with consumer stuff especially like like you see the engagement, you see people interacting with it. Um we we were early to this so there was also a lot of excitement around AI so it wound up getting a lot of media attention. At one point I was on like Fox, CNBC, um, Wired, Washington Post. I wound up writing an OpEd for Newsweek. Um, so this this got a lot of media attention. Um, and then the user numbers were always like like it was a slow hill, but they were consistently consistently going up. And also just hearing feedback from people who like genuinely found this transformative. The upside of working on something that you believe in is that like like this is a genuine problem for a lot of people and like I was an awkward kid that didn't know how to talk to girls at one point and I like I think I found it very relatable to work on something that like would have been something that I would have found helpful at an earlier stage in my life. >> Mhm. Here's one of your press articles, Wall Street Journal. Can you flirt better than artificial intelligence? This is so interesting. And okay, we're going to we're going to get into the growth story in a second, but this is like I just think it's so crazy how you built this in 2022. Was it GPT2 at the was that the latest version at that point? They they were calling it they had like scientist names for the models at the time. It was like Cury I was using the the most powerful model, the one that I was running on was called Da Vinci 2. And this was in the days where you needed to like if you wanted to use AI for something commercial, you had to fill out a Google form on OpenAI and they would like take a couple of weeks to decide if they would allow this or not. This is back in the days when everybody was like super nervous around AI capabilities. >> Wow. >> This is like this is this is the old the old model. >> Okay. Okay. So, I think it was I think it was GPT3, but Da Vinci 2 was what it all started on. Wow. Okay. But yeah, that's way before. So that was before Chad GBT, right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Wow. That's crazy. I was a data science manager um at a company called Open Door and I knew how to build the AI stuff cuz I knew Pi like I knew Python. I like I knew how to build ML models which was not particularly useful here, but I also like knew how to write enough Python that I could like build something there. But like but the the entire front end was everything was so janky. Um, and I didn't know how to market. I didn't know how to sell. Um, I didn't have anything resembling a social media presence. I still don't. To some degree, it was like the the process was like discovering all these things one by one. Um, I think the other hard part is that like no matter what you hear or read about on the internet, like nothing really compares to actually doing it. Like nothing that you read will like like you might be able to fast track things a little bit. you can like save yourself time with mentors, but I I do feel like with entrepreneurship, you have to learn a lot of things the hard way, especially if you're coming from a big tech background, but honestly from any background because like so many of the things that you're used to doing just make no sense in the context of building >> like building a small business and even building a moderate business. >> I think the biggest failure point that I see is people trying to take lessons from big tech and apply it here and just like like so many things just don't work. Um, with with marketing in particular, with marketing and with product, it is such a discovery process. I don't know. Anybody's like, "Oh, I built the product, the writing joke, is like somebody builds a cool product. Cool. Now I just got to find somebody to do the marketing." Like, come on. But I but I also like I I didn't know that. I was like, "Okay, cool. Now, how do I how do I grow this?" Uh, and it turns out that's hard and that's where the money is. >> Um, >> yeah. So, how did you grow it? What was your biggest channel that worked? So the the the honest answer um with this particular company is I I got lucky. Um I at first it was I think the like the the early amounts um there was a lot of like I did everything from Reddit. I was at one point cuz I really didn't [ __ ] know any better was handing out flyers in Washington Square Park here in New York. Spoiler did not work that well. I did Reddit. Um I did a little bit of Google ads. Ultimately, the two things that worked was like one, the product was very early. This was before most people had been exposed to AI, so most people that saw the product like were super excited about it. Uh, it was super novel. Um, I posted a lot and yeah, oh, my account is suspended. It's suspended, but I mean, okay, you still have the you still have the stuff like the the comments out there, but this is like >> this was this was by a customer. That's interesting. You were handing out flyers, you were doing Reddit. Was there any strategy to the Reddit? Did it work? No, nothing. Um, I found like small communities. So, for me, this was um our Swipehelper. There was a a subset there was a couple of subreddits of people that um like were very focused on like optimizing their dating apps. I started posting on those and I got some early attention on those. Actually, I still get a decent amount of SEO from some of those posts. Um, and then because it was so early, my app also started to get media attention. Um, so I wound up being on a lot of major news channels. Um, Wall Street Journal, Washington Post. Um, that got me a lot of media coverage and like the media coverage in itself didn't actually convert to that much user. Um, I at one point I was on like uh Fox Business um and that got me less views than a single decent Reddit post. Um, it was it was kind of ridiculous, but um, what it did give me was domain credibility. And so that um, ultimately made the SEO strategy that we took a lot easier. >> Um, so we wound up building out kind of an SEO pipeline. Um, if you look at our blog, I'll I'll caution that like I don't know if the SEO strategy would work now. Partly >> SEO has changed a lot, but yeah, it it'd be interesting to learn from the from the story and like the tactics of how you did this. >> So, we we benefited a lot from the fact that um one again just like the media attention. We had really good backlinks and so we built up a really strong domain as a result of like credible media agencies linking to us. Um, and then we found an opportunity. There was a variety of keywords that were like relatively low competition, um, but that had like relatively high volume. And so we started targeting those with blog posts. And that ended up driving like nearly half of our traffic. We ran a bunch of experiments, um, around like what to market on these things. So you'll see various pop-up ads showing up on these screens. Um, so SEO ended up working reasonably well. Um, again, the Google like SEO as a whole is now an entirely different beast. We've seen our SEO decline pretty meaningfully. Um, and like some of it we're working to recapture, but some of it is just like like a lot of the SEO strategies that people were using 5 years ago just don't work anymore because like a lot of blog posts like this have effectively become redundant with AI, right? Google and so a lot of the a lot of the things that people would randomly click into are now people are just generating. Um the other thing we we w up trying a bunch of different marketing channels but we also wound up doing a decent bit of Google ads. Um, I think one lesson there is we had a variety of products and like for some of those ads worked quite well, for some of them they didn't work at all. And so different channels worked for different products. And so for us, we wound up like even if you click around the different blog posts and certainly if you look at our Google ads like different content routes to different products. Um, it helped that we have a web funnel. So we have a primarily a web product and so it made it a lot easier to direct people to different things and it's it's a single website but in effect this was like a collection of different products that we tested and like different strategies that we tested out. Um at one point we were doing very briefly we were testing dating coaching um and that in itself was actually not a bad product. It was just like very high maintenance and ultimately decided that we didn't want to do that. But >> there's a lot of different ways to make money if you can figure out how to get attention. Like the cuz the two moving pieces there is like how do you get eyeballs and then how do you convert those eyeballs into dollars? >> And so acknowledging that this was all on a very small scale. The entire game was playing around with those two levers. Like how do we get eyeballs on this site and then how do we convert these eyeballs into the most monetizable thing possible. So, it sounds like that you're basically you're you're collecting SEO authority by making all these um pretty targeted organic articles. So people would search up things like people would probably search something like what do I text my crush or and then they would arrive at this article 100 good morning messages to send your lover him or her and then maybe someone would search up like you know best dating apps and then you would get 10 best dating apps in 2025 and then inside the article there's useful content and then there's an ad for your own site and it says hey do you want more personal pickup lines you know your move AI I can uh generate the pickup lines and then you click and then it's like right there. Yeah. And then the PR articles are like from NBC and Wall Street Journal and all these PR you're not really driving traffic through those but um it just gives you better domain authority because they're linking back to your site and they have a very reputable site. So you're getting good domain reputation which should boost you in the in the Google search results so that you're more likely these articles are more likely to show up when people search those terms. Is that a good like recap? >> It kind of with one small alteration like we built the domain authority through getting the PR articles. Um, so like the we had very good domain authority at the door >> like from from from the starting point we had really great domain authority. >> Um, and then once we had that domain authority were like, "Oh, there's an SEO opportunity." And then we capture that SEO opportunity. We didn't really like slow build out SEO or like build up domain authority over time or do any of that placement. Like we never paid for backlinks or hunted for backlinks. It was more of just >> we're in the right place at the right time with a very viral product. Um, but yeah, like the the PR itself didn't generate any money. Um, but allow us like a really good SEO strategy. >> Yeah, it is a interesting step-by-step process though cuz you start with the domain authority which allows you to do have a huge advantage in SEO. Everyone is trying to make SEO articles, but not all of them have really good domain authority. So, you had the foundation already set. Then um you know you make the articles and then people start coming in and then you can do Google ads too to scale that once you figure out you know what messaging is is hitting. But it was also a very unsaturated space. Like even before um like even once the RZ stuff kicked off like there was a bunch of people doing uh like running app store and Tik Tok stuff but there was only one like real serious competitor that I had at the time. I'm sure there's more now um that was taking an SEO strategy for this. like everything else was just like cheap content and farm blogs that like weren't making as much money as this and so they couldn't put as much resources into it and then like kind of like weird personal sites and like like small strange matchmaking operations uh and there's a the thing about Google ads versus meta ads um is with Google ads and SEO you're capturing latent demand so there is already a like certain certain amount of demand as like signified by um people searching for things. In our case, a lot of the keywords is like pickup lines. There's a variety of like topics that were like had a lot of search volume that were related to our product um that we could capture, but there's a ceiling. And so like how much opportunity you have is dictated by the volume of that stuff. Whereas with meta and Tik Tok, you are creating induced demand. So you you are able to get people that weren't looking for your product or looking for something similar before to explore and pursue it. So there's a lot more upside in theory, but those people are harder to capture cuz you're competing with everybody else that could theoretically be converting those people into dollars. I had a small captive audience of people that was interested in optimizing their online dating. And within that audience, I was able to offer like a very compelling and well monetized product. But when Google and SEO, you're like capped by the like area under the curve of people that are searching for those things. And like maybe that area expands, but like but you're limited by that Google search volume. >> Yeah. Yeah, that's a good lesson. I think a lot of people try to just randomly try every channel, but it's important to remember what the purpose of each channel is. Google is about capturing intent that's already there. So people are searching out proactively these things looking for a solution and you only pay for a Google ad when people actually search and click for that term. So your job at that point is just to nurture and convert the person who you know already has the problem versus with Facebook ads you're kind of just you're blasting it to any anyone in a specific audience and then guiding them through that journey. And that's why Facebook funnels seem to be a lot longer. You have to have this whole like onboarding sequence and pay walls and stuff. >> All of these ads run as auctions, right? you have to your app needs to monetize as well or better than like or at least like monetize like close to the people that you're competing against. And so like in Meta's case, you're competing against anybody that could monetize a user of this demographic. It's also why most of the like things that you'll get on meta ads and Google ads are like definitionally like a little bit scammy because they have to be like as or more exploitative than the next best thing to like justify the cost of the ad. So, when you reach out to creators and you're about to invest into organic social and maybe boosting those videos with paid ads, you don't want to just let the creators do whatever they want. Most of the app founders I talked to on this channel basically have the same content philosophy. The videos need to go viral, but also convert and promote an app and ideally are also repeatable. And those formats are like gems and really hard to find. That's why Tik Tok can sometimes feel like a lottery system. So what a lot of consumer club members do is they use this tool called spy talk which brain rot scrolls hundreds of thousands of Tik Toks and just finds the most viral ones that promote apps. So here I search for fitness gym workouts. Let's say you like run a fitness app. I'm going to sort by most viral. And here's this 106x outlier video that promotes a fitness app. And it shows a text hook. It shows the image in the background. And then on the second slide, it has this CTA in a really creative way. And Spy Talk has been the secret weapon for growth strategy for 11 Labs and Ammo and Voodoo, which is the app studio that owns Bereal. So I recommend Spy Talk. It really is the only other tool I explicitly recommend on this channel other than Superwall. One of the first lessons that I learned is like like you really like all of every single marketing channel is hard. Like every single marketing channel like to do a given marketing channel well to run a particular marketing channel profitably requires a pretty significant time investment. Not every marketing channel works for every app. So there's some work to be done and like discovering and like learning will this marketing channel learn for me. But there are very few marketing channels that you're just like cool. I'm just going to do this and I'm going to do that and it's going to work for me right off the bat. Most of these like they marketing channels require different levels of maintenance like doing UGC takes an insane amount of work even when you're managing people like running that effectively um as an operation is like a huge lift. Google and meta ads still require very significant amounts like SEO will take you like 3 months of like very intentional investment before you see anything at all. that's like if you don't know what you're doing, it'll be like 3 to 6 months before you realize that it's not working for you at all and you give up. Um, so like just being being hyper intentional about the marketing channels and like like putting in enough work that like you know it's not working because it's not viable rather than just execution failure. There's no real marketing channel that you can just spin up in like two weeks and be done with it. This category is dating. I think dating is a highly monetizable category on Facebook ads and Google ads. But that I think that's just an indicator of just human nature. Like why is it so monetizable in your opinion? And are there other categories that are on this level or around this level >> from a monetization category? Yeah. Like like if you think about the value the value versus monetization gap in dating like if you if you asked a friend like I don't know like how much actually you how much would you be willing to are you single? >> No I'm I I have a girlfriend but I've been single. >> Okay. Imagine yourself single like how much would you pay to be introduced to like the love of your life your like life partner? Well, I I had a friend actually that literally said like we were having a conversation about this and he was like he was working in tech and he just like had a very demanding job, but he made a lot of money. He's just like I would I'll pay $10,000 bounty to anyone who introduces me to my future wife. >> And it's like a very weird thing to say. Like nobody like does that really, but when you think about it like Yeah. I guess I would too. Yeah. >> Yeah. I um I've seen numbers at 50. I've seen numbers at 100. I think ALF famously has a $100,000 marriage bounty. It's a central problem for a lot of people. Um it is probably one of the most transformative things that like can happen to you in your life like being in a like positive healthy relationship versus being like it it changes every aspect of your being. Um and so it's something that a lot of people obsess about. It's like something that a lot of people want to solve. But the value being captured in the space is actually relatively limited. And so there's products all along the chain of like we will help you have a slight advantage to like we will go ahead and solve this problem entirely for you through matchmaking. And so if you can if you can give people results or if you can even like make the promise of like giving people better outcomes, then it's a lot easier to monetize in the space than like anything else that's like quote unquote a vitamin problem than any like friend making apps or like interacting apps. Like people will drop off of other social apps, but people will like if something has the promise of like helping them meet their life partner, then it's a it's a pain that doesn't go away until it's solved. >> Mhm. >> Yeah. >> It's hard to against like core human instinct. >> Yeah. I mean, finding a romantic partner is one of, you know, core human needs that basically everyone wants. And and then you said, you know, there's other problems that are vitamin problems. It's like painkiller versus vitamin dichotomy, right? Where this is a this is definitely a painkiller. The analogy is people are willing to pay a lot for painkiller solutions. People think about these things a lot. They like the yeah like the classic vat problem is like we'll build a new like friend making app or like a new to-do list app or like a new like like anything that like will like make your life like 10% more efficient or something like that. And there's like a certain like very specific niche of people that would pursue that. But like if you're single and I mean certainly a lot of the people that I know that are single when I was single I like spent a disproportionate amount of my time thinking about that vitamin problems you have to convince people to do them. Um I think I think the exception there I will note is like if you can promise people longevity people will pay a lot for those vitamins cuz there's a lot of Peter Task types that are like 60 years old and freaking out that they might might not be immortal. So you can you can capture a lot of money there specifically, but for any sort of like life convenience, like look, this makes my calendar 10% better. Um, it's a much much harder cell versus something >> seven deadly sevens or however you want to frame it, like kind of like core human demands. >> That's actually a principle that I would recommend. I'm curious if you agree with this, but if you're just starting out as your first business and you want to make money, I would just start with a painkiller problem and solution rather than trying to go after something that has less of that extreme uh pain point and thus demand because it's easier first of all like you just you don't have to think so deeply about how do I guide this person down this whole journey of like why it's important to make your calendar 10% more efficient versus you don't have to explain the dating problem. It's just like look at your landing page. It just says like dating apps are exhausting. >> Like that's all you need to say cuz like everyone knows that already. >> Yeah. It it's it's much easier to make money on a product when you don't have to sell a person on why they need that product. Um, and I think one of the advantages that we had was that like like technology evolves the way that we date evolves. And it introduces new problems. And in fact, we've like we're proposing a new solution to a problem that wasn't really a problem a couple of years ago. like dating apps first emerged and now they've gotten competitive enough that like everybody basically needs to be their own marketer. Um, in effect like like finding maybe there's something in there about like finding solutions for problems that like we as a society have only invented in the past couple of years like all the screen time blockers. Honestly, it's like kind of a vitamin thing, but like but it is but like people want it because everybody's tired of not getting enough sleep because of a problem that we invented for ourselves like 10 years ago. >> So, this is a whole category of product you like products that alleviate the problems that you get from other products. >> Products that alleviate the problems that we've invented for ourselves uh through technology. uh all of the like anti-AI cheating things, all of God, the amount of the amount of apps that like like helps you like scan is my boyfriend cheating on me or like are people unfollowing me on Instagram or like >> there's something to be said about like there there's this whole like ongoing discussion of like do you bootstrap or do you do something venturebacked? >> Um and I think an important answer there is like the amount of capital that you take in should match the scale of the problem that you're trying to solve. And so you're trying to solve like a global problem that needs network effects, you probably need if you're trying to solve something that is going to be a billion dollar business, then you probably need venture capital competing against everybody else trying to do that thing. >> But there are an assortment of problems that are like just too small for people to do viably with venture capital. This is actually one of those problems. We had a couple of competitors that were venture back then. I don't think they went anywhere. like this like solving problems introduced by another bigger app that like helps you with like apps that help you with other consumer apps feels like one of those things that like >> that's a good heristic or like a a bot that helps you write better tweets right it's it helps you get better at Twitter so you you're never going to be as big as Twitter unless you make some sort of you know so it's um it's like it's like curing cancer versus like making a slightly better painkiller, you know, like if you make a slightly better pain, you're not going to disrupt >> the whole medical industry, but if you cure cancer, you know, that's an industry disrupting thing that needs venture capital. Totally. And if you're building something that doesn't need venture capital, like it makes the like bootstrapped approach a lot more viable cuz you're like your competition is spending less capital. There's like fewer entrance. They're moving slower. there's a lot more opportunity to do something like that as a person sitting at home like doing this like nights and weekends in between your day job or even like doing it full-time but it's your first thing. Um building building an app that sends tweets versus like building the next Twitter is like a really good example here. I think this is also where people go wrong with like people trying to build dating apps at home. I'm like, good that you built that you're looking at like a painkiller solution. Bad you're building something that requires network effects, which means like you definitionally need a really high budget. Um, and like two, you're like trying to go toe-to-toe against like people that like is inevitably a venture back space. So, even before this, had you done other side projects or entrepreneurial, you know, businesses before? Yeah. So, I I can give you the whole arc. I um in case anybody finds this interesting. So, I like I graduated UT with a mechanical engineering degree and I realized mechanical engineering jobs suck ass gas. Um was like the smartest people that I knew were going to work in oil and gas. And I wasn't a big markets guy at the time, but I was enough of a markets guy to realize that like going to work in an industry that like looks and feels like it's dying and or like should be dying at age 20 feels like the wrong move. Um, so I did the really clever thing that a bunch of people do when they get good grades and they're motivated. And I went to work at Deote Consulting. Um, and that was horrendous. That was just the like the overlap. I think the overlap between like people that enjoy entrepreneurship and people that like like doing client work that involves making slides. >> Um, it was just not a good fit. Um, but I spent two years there and got out, got into tech, became a strategy person, became a data analyst, started like hacking on stuff and like early on a friend gave me a book called The Millionaire Fast Lane. And I I think the the awakening that I see a lot of people that are watching podcasts like this have at like age 15. I had at 25. I was like, wait, I want financial independence. And so I tried like three different things, all of which failed catastrophically. I think the first project that I built had like an overall TAM of like less than a million dollars. Like if I capture the entire market, the business would make under a million. Um, so you can probably guess how well that went. Um, and there was like two other projects along the way that like didn't go anywhere and made no money. Um, I did some consulting for startups that I was like considering joining and I got some offers to join other startups. But ultimately, I think from when I started trying to like my first dollar was 4 years and from when I started trying to like, oh, I don't need a job anymore was five. It's a grind. It's a journey. What was this? This is an interesting book. I I think I discovered this book like 7 years ago as well. like something like I don't know where I heard about this. Probably some random like Reddit like obscure Reddit forum or something, but what what was your main takeaway from this? I feel like once you read one of these, you read all of them. You don't you don't need you don't need to like between this and like Rich Dad Poor Dad and like that entire cannon like like all of that. Um, most of them are not that interesting, but the idea of that like, you know, you don't have to just work a W2 job for the rest of your life. There are like other options. >> Yeah. Yeah. The issue is none of these books can actually tell you how to do it cuz the meta for how to do it changes on like like a 6 to 12 month cycle. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. It's similar to I think one of my frame breaks on on this same thing was um Naval Ravocant and just his like tweets and podcasts and stuff and just the concept of you shouldn't tie your time to money and you shouldn't perform like a service for someone else in order if you want to actually be rich um and have like an outlier financial outcome, you can't you have to build an asset. And I think that was basically the takeaway from this guy too. I think the outcome distribution for how you want to handle it. Like if you want to become extraordinarily wealthy, you need to do something like this. But also like I don't know when I left my job and my startup was printing money in my sleep. There was also like a magical moment of like oh wait I can work 5 hours a week and this prints $15,000 and I really don't have to do anything like that. like however you want to handle that freedom like it's it is absolutely magical. >> That's cool. >> Well, how Wait, can I ask when when was your moment? What was your breakthrough moment? I feel like you got there earlier than I did. I'm always a little jealous of the folks that like discovered this. I'm annoyed that it took me until 25 to be like, "Wait, what?" >> Yeah. I think it's just cuz like the internet just keeps I don't know. There's just more and more information so it reaches people faster. Like I feel like these days it's reaching kids at like 13. But yeah, like I was probably 19 or 20. I was in college and I read some of these things online and uh I was studying computer science and so the path was like oh I'm going to become a software engineer. Y >> and then I started, you know, listening to these gurus online and then it's like, oh, actually, you know, and they they they always they make fun of 9 to5s and they, you know, they show the differences and lifestyle between different and and just like the whole like approach to life and I was just like, oh yeah, it makes sense. Like I'd rather rather be entrepreneurial. So, I started drop shipping and all these like online businesses and let's try to make money online. >> So, did you ever end up having like a normal ass 9 to 5 job? >> No, I did. So, I actually I I hedged it really really hard. I I did both tracks at the same time. So, I applied to internships. I I got tech internships. I I did Google product management as my first job. But the entire time I was doing side projects. So I was doing side projects while I was in college, while I was applying to jobs, while I was in the job at Google, and I built Consumer Club while I was at Google and then quit. >> Wow. >> Earlier this year, actually. So I I I I did the similar thing as you where I did like the whole corporate path, but I was trying side projects for multiple years before. >> So when I met you last year, you were still full-time at Google. >> Yeah. I don't think many people knew. I yeah for a little while I like I put Google as my personal brand and I'd be like hey I'm a I'm a Googler like but like nobody in startups cares so I just kind of just stop talking about it. >> Yeah >> it's like an anti- signal sometimes >> I I feel like Google it it depends on what circles you're in but yeah it's like like big tech is like much less of a signal than it was. I feel like I feel like 10 years ago there was still like >> now there's just like enough antipathy and like cynicism I think around the whole thing. >> Yeah. Yeah. Nowadays it's like if you work at Stripe or RAMP maybe it would be like oh that's kind of cool like maybe you're smart >> but if you work at Google it's like >> I I do think there is like something important there which is that like there's there's a lot of different ways to slice this but the whole like keep your keep your 9 to 5 job and like do this on the side like it's not a terrible idea. Um, I don't know if it was the right path, but like but having that like financial cushion, I think it goes a long way. I feel like I see a lot of people like quitting their jobs and then flounder. They like try to do something for 3 to 6 months, can't figure anything out, start panicking, get a job again, and then it goes nowhere. There's something about like do this aggressively on nights and weekends that like you don't you don't have a deadline, so to speak. like you have I mean you should still move fast but like but the I think the like lack of like time pressure on the opportunity to discover versus just cool I'm giving myself 6 months full time to build a business. Yeah, it's it's a different psychology for sure. And you have for me, one of the one of the psychological elements was I had a six-figure job in tech. So then that that's the the benchmark for success for the side project. Like if I if I don't make that much at least with the side project, then it's not worth quitting. So, um, or it could be for some people, but I just like it kind of reframed all the ideas that I would think of towards that benchmark. Like if this idea can't make this much, then I it's not worth trying. >> Yeah. Like like if this if this drop shipping project or like this particular consumer project, like if it can't get to the point where it's comparable to Google, like is it worth pursuing? And that >> um there's one more like slightly grosser thing there which is that like the like sense of selfworth that you get um like the sense of like legibility like I'm doing something that is like moderate to high status. Doing low status things is terrifying and like not going to lie like maintaining a high status job until what I was doing was adequately high status like is it stupid? Is it kind of vain? Yes. But it it made the like transition a lot easier psychologically. >> Yeah. I think if you're trained to be high status, sir, like look like I went to, you know, it's like >> you see same [ __ ] just down south. >> Yeah. It's like you Yeah, exactly. Like you you it's hard to get out of that mindset even though it's probably the better thing to do or like the thing that you truly want to do. So, it took a year to make your first you said $1,000. >> Yeah, it was it was a very slow curve. I mean, I can pull it up on Stripe. Um, but it was it was like took like 6 months from when I started building it to like when a personal mentor of mine convinced me like, "Why aren't you monetizing?" And then from there like like 11 months until what was like a,000 bucks um altogether cuz at the time I didn't know how to build apps. I didn't know how to market. Are you doing all this yourself? Are you hiring people? >> Yeah. Um, I think something else that I did differently from a lot of other indie hackers is like I I hired people pretty early on. Not full-time people, but like literally like contractors on Upwork. Um, people doing like everything from like our our dev was working 40 hours a week, but like everybody else like people that helped me write email sequences, people that helped me with SEO, people that helped me manage ads, people that like like a designer, people that helped with web flow. I think at one point I had like 10 to 12 different contractors, most of them working only a couple of hours per week. I was a manager at the time and like I I don't know, I've been doing management BS for a while and so like it helped that I had like still like I I didn't need to pay myself the money. I could afford to be not profitable for a while cuz I still had my day job. But I I found it much easier to like scale by like having people to help out. there was like a customer support person that I paid like $5 an hour that would handle a lot of different things and handle a lot of small pieces. The the other thing that I wound up being quite helpful was that like a lot of times I was getting ramped up on something new like Google Ads for example, I would hire a person that would do some of the work but also like train me and like I would like learn from them and like get onboarded to at the same time. So a person that was like both doing the work and also like acting as a coach so that I could like the process and understand it. It's hard to hire people when you don't know what's going on. And so a lot of times what wound up is like I'd make a hire, we'd spin something up. It was kind of janky, but I'd also like learn what good looked like, what bad looked like, what worked, what didn't work, and it would make it a lot easier to hire the next person. Um, dev that I hired was terrible. The second that I hired was like pretty good. And then from the second one, I learned and I got help from that to like hire people. Hiring devs is like one of the biggest problems in starting uh you know starting software companies because you're just especially if you're non-technical you just don't know what to look for and it's expensive. It can be expensive. So did you just dive in and say like I'm just going to waste the money if I waste the money and I'll learn something or were you like careful about the initial vetting? >> I was trying to be super careful when you don't know how the blackbox works and like you don't know the code yourself and you don't know how long something takes. I think the the first project that we wound up building with a dev team was the like we had a keyboard app which that in itself turned out to be a really bad product bet actually performed much worse than literally just our core flow. It was like an app that integrated into your keyboard so that you wouldn't have to switch screens and just like tell you what to text like right there while you were on the dating app. interviewed a bunch of people, were super careful, were like very aggressive about budgets, but then like what they built was still like it looked and felt like what we needed, but it was like deeply broken on the inside and took like longer and cost more than it was intended to cost, which I think is the case with I think every story that I hear of somebody like not that technical building something out. It helped that I was technical enough that I like worked with devs and that like I operated the back end myself so I had like some sense of smell for what was good and what was bad but like god hiring an agency terrible time and then like yeah hiring somebody before you know what you're doing. I'm wondering like how do other people do this? Like is there is there any sort of shortcut or are you basically just kind of [ __ ] the first time you hire a dev if you're like not that technical? Has anybody actually found a good workound for this? I've talked to >> there's this guy lots. He was one of the um first members of Consumer Club and he was on this channel as well. I interviewed him and he uses Upwork for all his apps. He he's like a multi- uh time founder. He built all these iOS apps and he just he hires out of uh Upwork every time. And I think there's just some basic stuff that you can do. Like he says that you basically just you got to break down the functions of the app into at least three parts, like three to five parts, and then put a price on each of the parts. Because one of the biggest problems is the costs bloat over time when the dev says like, "Oh, sorry. This is taking longer than I expected." And then you just don't know how to say no to that. You're just like, "Okay, I guess I'll trust you." But part of it is is also like chachbt where you you know you can use chatbt to estimate you know how complex are each of these features and then put a price on that based on a benchmark of you know what are the costs and then he just has his own like I don't know if this is arbitrary but he just sets his own like cap on each iOS app. So, he's he has like very problem-solving type of apps that are just painpoint solution, hard payw wall, and all he does is um I think his cap is like something around $2,000. So, he never pays more than like $2,000 per iOS app. I think that requires just good SOPs, good vetting, and negotiating on price. I think a lot of people just don't negotiate on price or are really clear about like build this part it's $500 this part 1,000 this part like 200 and the core feature should always be like actually the least for him at least he says it's the least labor intensive part the core uh feature of the app and the onboarding and stuff like that is like the most labor intensive >> when you're doing hard payw wall stuff especially like your sales pipeline is like the the onboarding experience and the payw All I want to talk about the lif style too a little bit. So did any do you feel like anything changed with each phase where you're working full-time and then you started making you know up to like 20k a month 30k a month and then you you also moved right so you moved locations you like did you did the whole like digital nomad thing and then you exited. So I'm curious to like go through those uh life moments. >> Um so I was a digital nomad when I started building the company. I was traveling around Latin America. I'm wound up settling in New York about halfway through the process. I don't know, New York is expensive. I don't think my lifestyle changed meaningfully at various points. There was like one big moment when the I think when the app hit around like 10k a month revenue. At the time I was still doing no profit cuz I was funneling everything back into it that I was like, wait, this could be my career. Like I could just do this. I there's like line of sight to like my future is just like building apps and making this stuff. Um, and that was I think just like a fully transformative moment. Like tech jobs can be fun, but like but it it never like I don't know how your experience was working at Google like like it's never like that that fun like when you're like layer seven of like 20 layers of people. Like there's only so much autonomy and so much agency that you get. Um I was getting paid good money but it was like the most fun I ever had was managing a data science team. It still wasn't ever that fun. Like building this stuff is so much fun. and the idea that it was like wait like this could just be my life. So the lifestyle didn't change. I like didn't spend any more money than I did before, but it was like uh like oh wow, holy [ __ ] Like the I think the amount of optimism and confidence that I got was a lot higher. And then when I sold the company, it actually I had started working on something new and so my lifestyle didn't change at all. We just did um we did a 16Z speedrun and so my life honestly my life for the past 5 months has been a mess. Um we've been trying to do the same thing that I did here but like very different industry, very different space, but like like grow like 10x faster with a lot more resources behind me. So I I defected from the bootstrapping thing. Bootstrap is great once it's making money. Like I I will say there was like a period of like five months during which I was just working on your move AI and it was making money and I was just working like 20 30 hours a week. >> You started your move AI at open door then right >> at open door. >> Okay. So at what point did you quit your your tech job? >> Literally when it was on track to I think I told myself that once it was making like 20,000 a month and quit. I think like I hit the like 17 or $18,000 mark and I was like cool it's time for me to go. M um and then I was I was on track to leave I think in December like hiring for a replacement. My manager and the whole like team half the team knew about it. Um and then Open Door did a giant layoff in November. >> So I got a severance package and an exit on top of everything else. That was like the happiest probably the happiest moment in the past couple of years. >> Yeah. >> The one time when you really want to get fired. The timing could not have been better. >> Yeah. So, why why 20K a month? Why was that the milestone that you said you quit? >> I'm a terrible like I don't know like I I'm an immigrant. My parents are immigrants. There's like something like I don't know like I borrowed money from like a drug dealer at one point to pay for like food in college. There's like there's just like there's some there's some like scarcity mindset that I think certain people have and I'm one of those people where like it is I found it very very terrifying to like leave something that was like secure up until I knew that like I had like something resembling an infinite runway. Um and I also told myself that like honestly like my the the the argument that I made with myself was that like I was making a lot of money at open door and I would actually take that money and reinvest more of it into growth. So, I actually wound up being unprofitable for the last year that I was at Open Door because I was spending I I would like pour extra money into experimenting with things, experimenting with new growth channels, experimenting with stuff versus doing it all myself. I like wound up hiring more talent and like running it in the red and treating this as like this is better than me leaving Open Door and just doing everything by hand. It's like if my hourly rate is like what, like $150 an hour and I can hire a bunch of people for $50 an hour that know better than what I'm doing. Yeah. >> Um, so the line in the sand was explicitly the moment where I can cover all of my expenses like I without burning any savings. It was like 20k profit. It wound up being like or sorry 20k revenue wound up being like 10k profit a month without having to like cut any staff. New York is expensive. >> Um, and I didn't want to cut down on my lifestyle either cuz I like partying in New York and being an idiot. Um, again, lots of variables in that equation. If you're willing to be more frugal or if you're willing to play things less safe. That's actually a very interesting mindset that I don't know if if that many people take that mindset of you're almost treating your job, your full-time uh W2 job as it's like when people have an agency business on top of their uh tech business and they're building a product and the product costs a lot of money to build. So then they do agency services on the side and then use that cash flow to fund the thing that they actually care about. And you're basically doing that but with your jobs. And so you take your your job money and then you put that into the thing that will allow you to escape the the service job. I think I see the the the version that you're describing. I almost see that more often, but actually no. There's there's I feel like there's a decent amount of people that like are like doing their day jobs and like have a hustle on the side, but yeah, it it worked great. >> Yeah. >> Um was I very effective at my day job? Not nearly as much as I'd like to be. >> You made it. It worked. >> Trade-offs. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Um caveats. Um did it suck? Was it like a lot of hours? Was I working most weekends? that I have to like ditch a lot of social events so that I could like work on Sundays. Yeah. Um but I think having a community in New York City of other people that are builders and like literally just like a group chat called Shriet Sundays I've made a bunch of friends that would meet up every Sunday to like build stuff a lot of different ways up to the top of the mountain. >> Thanks so much Tamishi. This is awesome. Great great story and very inspiring. Thanks for being on the pod. >> Of course. Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord, sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So, you can apply to join Consumer Club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwwell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwall.com. We have more videos on the channel.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [9/28] Copy This Growth Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your App
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7eaHcznLZU
Duration: 26:27
Words: 5,364

So once we actually figured out a good hook and demo, Chloe, who I'm working on the app with, got a video on Instagram that did like 10 million views. And once we had that, we knew we had something. Everyone dropped off here because we didn't build enough trust in our onboarding. So that's why we expanded our onboarding a little more. Added in some social proof, onboarding video, a couple questions that doubled our conversion. That's Phoenix do. And yes, he actually became the astronomer CEO's fake daughter to market his app, generating 50 million views in a week. But that's far from the most interesting thing he's done. Phoenix has built apps in the manifesting and self-help space with his latest hitting 25K MR and 100K downloads. We're about to dive deep into the exact strategies he's using to repeatedly see success with consumer apps. But what makes this conversation different from any other podcast or video you'll see on YouTube is just how tactical Phoenix gets about the entire funnel. He breaks down when to use hard pay walls versus free trials, how he doubles his conversion rate by studying the best apps in the world, and his framework for spotting billion-dollar app ideas before anyone else. Not only that, but you'll see Phoenix reveal things nobody else is willing to show, like the strategy he used to get a 10% view to download rate. the exact reasoning behind why he targets 50k to 250k follower creators instead of mega influencers and his full process for working with 40 creators simultaneously. Without further ado, let's get right into it. For those who don't know, I'm Joseph Choy and this interview is brought to you by Superwall, the all-in-one platform for payw wall management and revenue analytics for your mobile apps. Let's get into it. How did you get 100K downloads on your app? the classic funnels that everyone deploying right now. Most of it though was from organic Tik Tok marketing. There's this huge opportunity where everyone's looking at e-commerce methods and models. Show a product that provides some magic moment in front of your consumers and then build enough interest in the comment sections to help you know boost engagement. Don't give away too much of that sauce when you're doing that hook and demo so it doesn't feel like a paid advertisement. And that helped us drive all that traffic organically to the app. How we got started on like the manifesting niche. There's this trend that came around last October. I think everyone was asking Chad GPT to like give them a day in their dream life. And when I saw how viral that was and I saw girls crying, I was like, "Yeah, like that could probably be an app within itself." You saw girls like on TikTok doing a certain prompt. You describe some things in your life and then you ask it to describe a day in your dream life and it kind of has this effect of visualization where it's like a very emotional these are all your dreams almost like coming true like put into words. So people were doing that on chat GPT and then posting it on Tik Tok and you like saw that trend. The manifesting niche it's essentially just like the self-help motivation but for you know women Steve Jobs said the same thing about Apple have a vision take steps towards it. girls were just doing that, but with chat and posting online and crying because they would say things like, you know, I'm going through like a breakup right now. Give me a story of a scenario where it's all okay. It's almost like a form of open therapy. I've saw 10, 20 million view videos of girls just posting their like reactions to the prompt and everyone in the comments were like, "Oh, what's the prompt? Like, how did you do this?" And everyone would also respond and say like, "Oh, wow. Like, this was such a great feature. You're like, I got super emotional reading mine. >> Really smart cuz you're like, you found a format that works and then your thought process was like, okay, I'm just going to use a very similar format, put this chat GBT prompt into basically like a rapper product with an app. Is that basically how you got started? And then how did you turn that into your own version? That was the initial idea like late last year for building in the consumer space. I used to just go back to the Gym Shark model. The guy who started Gym Shark used to give out products because he didn't have the budget to compete with Nike and he would go to influencers and creators and they would basically do a hook and demo and say like this is like this awesome shirt I just got from Gym Shark. Appreciate it guys. And it would build rapport their community. So really like I said applying that natural organic advertising to that was something that day and dream life prompt really hooked on to. So, we figured out that the day in the dream life prompt was like a great magic moment to have in the app. Once we started AB testing like the content, it didn't convert super well even though it was viral because people don't read a lot and people already use chatpt. So, funneling that into app store wasn't super successful. The magic moment throughout the funnel was like you come and download the app, you like say some stuff about your goals and your dream life. You got that day in your dream life. So you have like an emotional hook that really convinced people to like do the trial, convert to the app, and then once you got in, you saw those affirmations along with that GPT story that you got, and people were like, "Oh, wow. This is like a really nice like positive message throughout my day." And then how did you turn that concept into top offunnel content? So once we actually figured out like a good hook and demo, Chloe, who I'm working on the app with, she got a video on I think Instagram like herself that did like 10 million views. And once we had that, like we knew we had something. So from there, it was just a matter of tracking performance, trying to get like a few more hook and demos in content variety, and then it was just aggressively scaling up our like UGC program. What was that 10 million view video? It was like if you're seeing this before like May 7th, repeat these affirmations for the next 7 days from Copia and watch your dream life unfold. Something along those lines. So, we had like hard deadline and the hook and then we promised some transformation which everyone wants and then when Chloe would actually say the affirmations, it was just affirmations from the app. >> How did you actually show the app in that video? Did you do a phone screen demo? >> Yeah, it was like a phone screen demo overlays. >> Are you able to show that format or is it still something you're kind of using? >> It was one that had 6.6 million. Okay. That actually didn't have the hook and demo and I remember very specifically I told Chloe or that video popped off and I was like, Chloe, you forgot to hook do the hook and demo. We've gotten like 20 30% less downloads than we could have. >> So that video didn't show or mention the app at all? >> No, that didn't. But it still got downloads to the app. >> Yeah, it did. Cuz she probably did subtly cuz she said, "These are the affirmations from Copia." And everyone in the comments was like, "Oh, what's Copia?" Oh, so she said the name of the app as if like everyone should know what it is, but then it's like, "Oh, here's the affirmations from Copia." And then just went right into it without explaining what that meant. And then everyone that comments askked what it is. And then obviously it's coming from the Copia Instagram account. Some people are curious. They go to the bio and they click the link. Yeah, that's how we were driving that funnel there. So, that one had the hook and bow out. You actually show the the affirmation on the screen of the app and you're showing the app as it's going. So, that one I imagine is more high converting. So, this one format is really interesting. It's very engaging, but then it's also showing the app and mentioning the name of the app. And it's also kind of repeatable because you're saying, "Hey, if you're watching this before February 7th, insert whatever date it is like right now." So, it feels timely. It feels relevant. So, is that basically the strategy? You kind of repeat the same format, but then you just change the date and it it's sort of like a evergreen format that you can just keep repeating. This was like our initial format. Since then, we've expanded to like multiple formats and like multiple features. And to your point, it is like super repeatable. The creator that we were inspired by is a girl named Sarah Pearl. She sells courses. She sells books. She's in like the manifesting niche. And she doesn't do this type of content anymore, but she did this for like 2 and 1/2 years. Got a million followers on Instagram, 2 and a half million followers on Tik Tok. So, it's like the same cadence of like having something repeatable that is a motivational gets people out of their seat. and bucket this in like the hope course side of social media. She did this because she saw like another self-help book. It got a million purchases on Tik Tok shop and then she made a book for herself and she would repeat that content and she sold like a 100,000 copies of her book literally just saying like repeat these affirmations for the next 7 days. So we were like we could probably do that as an app. It's exactly like you said it's an info product, right? It's a book. You can turn that into an app. like a person buys a book one time or can buy an app that's like a recurring subscription that basically provides the same type of value. How did you find this person? Cuz this is a gold mine. Like I think if you apply the framework and you're trying to find another niche where you can turn person who sells courses into an app, but then people might not be aware of all the niches of where people sell courses and the types of content that they're doing really well. Do you remember how you found this Sarah person? >> Once we got that 10 million view video, me and Chloe were scrolling to try and find all right, who are the larger creators in the space in the self-help, wellness, mindset, motivation, and just by naturally scrolling and warming up new accounts. We ran into Sarah. I would probably aim for that like 500,000 plus follower, probably like a million to look and see like what products are they selling, do they have a link in bio, how are they trying to monetize? If you're the app founder, you're the brand and you want to sponsor creators to achieve similar distribution, but then you own the app, they don't own the app. Where in that curve do you go? Are you going to that kind of middle ground medium-siz influencer who will take the brand deals or are you actually going big and just partnering with those people or do you go small to the micro influencers? You have to start smaller because you have like an unproven product and once you do target like people with like a million followers, they do have like a brand that they have to maintain. So if product isn't there yet and it usually isn't in your first like 2 3 months you have to figure out really like what your core product mechanics are what's like the hooked model what gets people in what's the action they take you know what are they rewarded with and ideally if you can build like a product that lasts you have some sort of investment I would start out going to the people in the like 50k like 250k range in terms of Tik Tok following I mean that's what we did we were paying a bunch of those like smaller size creators because they're not getting brand deals. You're still actually working like a part-time job or like a full-time job for the most part. There's this opportunity for you as an app founder to sell your brand and to have like a mutually beneficial partnership. Ideally, you should be aiming for like a $1 like CPM. You can up that as you go along. I think that's really where the art of advertising comes in. And when you're starting out, going with those smaller creators will just get you people in the funnel to understand those metrics so you can optimize and scale. >> So you you scaled to 40 creators. I want to talk about that in a bit. But you said in order to scale to that amount and really be able to start investing, you got to fix your funnel first, like make sure your LTV is high enough to support that growth. How did you actually get a good like high converting retentive product in order to support that growth? So, I remember when we first started out, our install to payw wall rate was like 50 55%. We had about like a 15 to 20% conversion from like payw wall to trial, which is like a decent standard, but like I said, only 50% of people were getting there because we didn't build up enough consumer trust in our onboarding for them to just immediately log in and like type their goals. So you're getting 50% view rate on the pay wall itself. So half of the people were dropping off just scrolling through the four screens. I have our Figma files up here. Initially our onboarding was like this login screen. What's your name? And then type in your goals. And then after you typed in your goals, you got like that day in your dream life. But like I said, everyone dropped off here because we didn't build enough trust in our onboarding for people to actually share their dreams and goals despite the fact that they had that user intent from our UGC content. So that's why we expanded our onboarding a little more, added in some social proof, onboarding video, a couple questions along the way, and then that got us from 50 to 60% to 85 to 90%. Just a couple questions to better understand your customer and make that experience feel personal doubled our conversion. That is a huge difference. What were the biggest things in your onboarding that you feel like make the biggest difference in that conversion? I would really say, and this is where like the ecom pros have really gotten it right, the social proof I think is really important. Being able to say like, you know, proven methods, meaningful results, those small things, they're not like outrageous claims, but just saying that like this is our inspiration. These are people who have done these things before have really helped. And like I said, just really asking like progressive questions. People don't want to go in an app and like immediately type in a paragraph. having buttons that you can click despite like chat GPT and like chat being like a great interface and people will still expect some type of dopamine physical trigger in an app. That's why Dolingo is so successful. These screens are super simple. It feels like a PowerPoint almost like there's just very minimal words on each screen and you tap through and it makes it a lot more consumable. It's almost like Tik Tok captions. You don't put more than like five words on each screen. You like switch to the next frame. It's definitely like the model here. As much as you want to like provide like information for a user, like everyone has Tik Tok brain nowadays, they're not going to read like a paragraph anymore. >> I think you have a hot takes around payw walls. >> Yeah, I do. If you do a hard payw wall, it's honestly because your app is but if you look at like apps that are actually like useful and helpful, Strava gives you a free trial and you get entrenched and then you're like, hm, you know what? I probably should pay for like Strava Premium. Like eventually you have this emotional trigger where it's like, "Oh yeah, I'm trying to learn a lesson. I get the dopamine hit and if I like want to continue getting more of these dopamine hits, I should pay for it." But because a lot of these leaks aren't closed on like the current state of like mobile apps, it's really just like how can we create the most like viral feature and then like that's it. You lose the ability to actually build like an app that people stay on. And without that, you can't do like a premium model cuz you will have conversions. >> So it's like if you have a hard payw wall and a good product that has the investment and the variable reward and all this stuff, is that also good? Does that like fit into your view? An app like Cal AI, it's like all right, like I want to lose weight. I want to get stronger. There's like a good emotional hook here. It's like you have an external trigger like what gets the user to the product like the external dopamine and it's like okay great. Like I'm trying to lose weight. What's like the simplest action I can take? I can take a picture of my food and then the variable reward is calories. Calorie tracking is something that you can do like every day if you're trying to lose weight, get stronger, build more muscle, a little healthier because over time you can see these patterns of like, oh, here's like my food, here are my calories track. It's like a slot machine essentially. Like you don't really know what you're going to get, but there's no investment there. There's no actual product there. And you could have like a really good top of the funnel and keep shoving people in there as long as your rorowaz and your payback period makes sense, but like you'll never get that model that like actually made flow into like a billion dollar company cuz there's no investment there. >> How do you think about asking for more investment from the user? If you want to actually figure out how to get people to stay and like go like a great app, try to figure out what that bottom of the funnel is. So it's like what does that user experience look like? You know if you get to day 30, day 7, day 1, like what is the expectation and work backwards from that. The easiest path to 100K trigger action variable reward. And then if you want to go bigger than that and build a retentive app that people keep coming back to, probably something that has some enterprise value or exit value. That's where you need to figure out the investment part. And for the investment part, you want to figure out what's a user action that people are already doing. In your case, what is recently ubiquitous, newly possible? >> What's recently ubiquitous for like the consumer is being able to have all this access to your own data in the palm of your fingertips. And what's newly possible is that we have these like LLMs before a lot of these like insights would have to be hardcoded, but you really see this in Strava right now. I think really building the Strava for stress and mental health is like a good proxy for what we want to do. So like these little insights that I would have never been able to actually like gather from purely looking at my data around like my runs is now recently possible. So that's how we're thinking about how to do this. The goal is to build something helpful, useful, and stands the test of time. I think that's sort of like the fundamental problem with self-help. It's that it requires yourself to put in a bunch of effort to improve yourself. But if you find an action that people naturally do every day like have a heart rate or take a walk or do things that are stressful, it doesn't require any user input and then give them insights into how they can improve their life which is newly possible with LLM cuz you're getting all this data and now you put it into the LLM and then you feed back like helpful stuff and solutions to the user. How did you scale from this one winning format that's getting millions of views and then scale that to 40 creators? you just see still I think one of the best ways we saw through like our metrics that most people coming in our funnel were like girls like 18 to like 25. So we used platforms like Sideshift a great UGC marketplace to be able to like hire creators like really quickly that got us about 10 20 people that were actually really good. Like I said is just a matter of like how do you use all the tools out there? You know there are agencies available as well. We did have that winning format, but one thing that I also saw was like really viral during that time were like people crashing out cuz Chloe was like making content and then like one day she just like made a video like ranting. Our friend was like you should tell Chloe to like stop crashing out and it got the wheels turning and I was like crashing out is actually like really viral thing in itself. People being mad, it's like a very strong emotion. People resonate with it. They think it's funny and always goes viral. But I think at that same time like Justin Bieber was like promoting his album and like everyone was talking about his crashs. There was that video of him in front of Nou Malibu where he was like, "Dude, is it not like clocking to you, bro? Like I'm like a dad, too. Like I have a family." And then he used that as like a billboard in like West Hollywood. Literally, it was like his album logo and it was like, "Is it not clocking to you?" And like a picture of like Justin Bieber. It was like such like a viral concept already. We also invented this crash out button or like a really big red button and you click like crash out now and then it gave you like a breathing exercise to do. We had one video that got like 12 million views because of that. It was like a slideshow. >> That's a great video. You literally showed the app in it. It's just a funny text about crashing out. >> If it was like a 15 million view video and it was like a hook and demo like it probably would have gotten I would say like 30 40,000 downloads. How many views did this video get? 13 million views, 10 to 15k downloads from one just two slides on Tik Tok when you're talking to all these 40 creators, are you doing the same creative strategy for all of them at the same time? Are you kind of giving them free reign to just be creative? So, when it comes to like actual UGC creators and like college ambassadors, we try to be more strict with the guidelines. They're not like professional creators. They don't know like the angles, the hooks and demos. But for a lot of people, it's like I said, those small things will matter a lot more. But when you're at 40 creators, and when we were at 40 creators, like there's also room to AB test, it was still inherently like the same guidelines of like do a slideshow, do this hook and demo, and show like the same product. The first 10 seconds where we were trying to AB test to find like the most viral, varying degrees of success with like different hooks. The demo and the product just stays the same. But I've also been looking at all these like ecom guys. This guy named Dc Midas like tweets like insane like alpha. These are the things that go viral if you're trying to target somebody over like 45. Go to your mom's Facebook page and she'll see like this and then people like try to like run ads that are like UGC. But you have to understand like you have to meet your market where they are whether that's the channel, the content they see. And that's what really separates like a longerlasting marketer. Literally people like run advertising agencies outside of consumer apps and products and they they're able to see things like this and they're like, you know what, yeah, I can't target like a 25-year-old with this, but like this is great rorowaz. That's some alpha. It's good to go into like hyper competitive spaces to figure out where the tactics are, like where the real edge is. Cuz in ecom, especially affiliate ecom where you're selling something that's like very much a commodity and your only edge is your rorowaz, your marketing. you can take a lot of those principles and take them to consumer apps. I don't see a ton of people doing that because a lot of people in apps I feel like have more Silicon Valley backgrounds or you know coding backgrounds. They're not really in the trenches of e-commerce and affiliate but that's a good like mindset shift if you're a consumer app founder thinking about trying to absorb more information from spaces that are hyper competitive in the marketing space. >> You have to run ads eventually. It's like really hard not to. And the reality is like if you're all bidding for the same CPM with like the same format, it's just going to skyrocket. So like your ability to innovate and target new channels and audiences and demographics is what makes like a really good marketer. For example, at Sony and like Dolingo, they have different accounts for different countries and different activities. And that's how you really expand your funnel horizontally. But I wouldn't immediately do this unless you actually know what you're doing. And even then, like you should really try and focus on dominating like one funnel, one niche. Try to get that two, 3x rorowaz first. This like applies to apps just as much as it does like an ecom product and you need to like dominate one channel otherwise like your focus and your attention is just going to be off the charts and you'll never actually wet any channel. Is there anything else that you wanted to share? I feel like there's a lot of good stuff in this. >> If you're building consumer app, this is really like the model that you should think about. You start off with capital, code, time, money. This is like top of the funnel. So it's like all right you have creators posts that they make views impressions. More creators means more post which means more views which means more impressions. Try to get a really good CPM so you can justify like a good cost basis there. And then you also have like ASOS app store conversion. You can get 100 million views but if your name is like something super popular like you're not going to be found in the app store. If your name is like AI journal, like you're going to be screwed. So that's why it's good to have like some type of brand name, something that's like culturally relevant. From there, you get your downloads, then you can use a service like super wall to like really help you AB test your payw wall. If you literally just master like top of funnel plus like good onboarding and payw wall, like you can probably make like $100,000 like a month and get pretty good downloads. The real trick here is like, all right, what does your app look like when there's nothing? What does your app look like click when there's something and what does your app look like click when there's a lot of things. You want to really build that like feedback loop. You know, you want to follow this model where get somebody to use your product. Great marketing. Give them some type of like GPT action, something they they can learn about themselves, something they can do. Have that slot machine variable reward and over time you can build that investment. So yeah, K factor get that stuff out of there. try to build like a viral loop because you know really that action is the K factor or these apps scanning swiping that's stuff that people can reuse and make content it's just that it's more forced nowadays like apps used to go viral because it was like oh yeah like I like did this on an app and a lot of people shared it you gain natural virality now it's just reverse engineering and forcing that virality with a viral feature another marketing experiment that I tried that clip of the cold play constantly went viral viral when the astronomer CEO was caught like cheating with his like head of HR. I had this like genius idea and it was like what if we used that to market like our app. So there's this account that got 200,000 followers I think like 50 million views in like a matter of like a week. And then like the second video like we had done like a product placement for Aopia. That video got like 5 million views and everyone was like yeah like get the bag. Your dad's getting divorced. rack it up. That video had five million views, but only probably drove like a couple thousand downloads. Wasn't super high converting because there wasn't like a clear [ __ ] demo. Do you have links to either of those? I do have this like one LinkedIn post that like I thought was really funny. Yeah. Yeah. Here it is. I got like four or five texts that day from people being like, "Dude, was that you?" And I was like, "Yeah, that was." So, I don't know, mate. If you want like that clickbay headline and you be like astronomer CEO daughter speaks out about building consumer app something along those lines. You'll get some engagement baiting there. This is great. Thanks so much for doing this pod. This I learned a lot. >> Yeah, dude. >> All right, that was a good one. By the way, I'm the host, Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club, which is a private group for ad founders to talk to each other about the latest tactics. Median revenue of member is about a million ARR. Check it out. Check out Superwall too. They're the best. and check out the other interviews on the Superall channel.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [10/28] Meet The Guy Who Solved Growing Apps (Hunter Isaacson Interview)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTree0unT_0
Duration: 29:49
Words: 6,566

Prior to NGI, I had like over 70 million downloads on other apps that I had built over the course of the beginning of my career. And I think that opportunity is still very much open. At some point, there will be a very successful crypto game. I think Vault kind of wanting it to happen. People want it. It's just no one's packaged it right. If you were currently at 10K MR with an app, you want to really scale and you have, let's say, like a $10,000 budget, what would you do? good amount of that money should be put towards. Today we're doing a deep dive with one of the most prolific app builders of all time. He's built apps like NGL and Bags. Over the years, these have done insane numbers. Hundreds of millions of downloads, 8 figures revenue, all while staying extremely profitable. This is none other than Hunter Isacson. I've seen some people criticize mass virality for consumer apps. The beauty of NGL is it's like a really tight viral loop. We found that a lot of people that churned out of the product ended up coming back in. He's done a few other podcasts and I've watched some of them, but what makes this one special is we got super tactical and as actionable as possible. I asked him to go into the nitty-gritty details of exactly what strategies he's using to go viral and make money with his apps. He showed me all his actual Figma files of all his app screens. And towards the end, I asked him pretty deep questions about how he would use the same strategies today with the current trends. Let's get right into it. How's NGL doing? >> It's doing great. 3 years later, still doing great. We have 150 million monthly active users on the product, which is way more than I ever expected to be honest with you. Yeah, it's done very, very well. >> That's awesome. What do you think it takes to be good at viral consumer apps? Could you think of one thing? >> I think like knowing how human beings act when they're put in like a group scenario, right? Understanding group think, understanding why people do what they do. I think that's why I've been successful in social because I'm really good at understanding like when a person looks at a screen, when they look at anything, what are they going to feel and then how do those emotions dictate the the action that we're requesting them to do. >> That's awesome. Can you just walk through the journey of NGL a little bit for people who don't know yet? >> Yeah, for sure. We started the company right when Instagram released the link feature for everybody. It used to be that you could only post links if you had 10,000 followers. So, you know, only people that were influencers basically could ever chill anything on their story. So, they changed this at the end of October of 2021. And that's literally right when we started building the app. Like the second that we saw this, myself and a few friends of mine, we got a Zoom call on Halloween and we were like, we need to build a product for this. What's the most viral thing we can think of? And we're like, let's build an anonymous messaging platform on top of Instagram. The consumer world is so small. We thought everyone was going to do this. We thought this was going to be like the number one thing people were going to build. So our focus was like how do we build this in like as fast as possible. We built the app in about a month, but then it was like 6 months of nobody using it. So it's like our assumption that everybody saw the opportunity was like so wrong. No one cloned us until after we went viral. That 6 months was very hard. We tried a lot of different things. You know, we rebranded the app first just designed wise. Then I changed the name. I came up with the name NGL. We got a sick domain ngl.link and we basically spent money purely on how to activate the graph. So we were like testing here and there influencers, you know, like $100 here, $100 there, paying someone to post the Instagram story, you know, Tik Toks, just trying things. About 4 months into the sixmonth period, we had that first like tiny little blip, like very small, and it was from an influencer who we paid to post the link. She activated a school on the other side of the world. Then it spread and infected, you know, the other schools in the area, but it didn't expand to another country. It kind of just stayed in this graph. So, we realized that the problem was this was like more of a lower income country. So, we were like, well, we got to build Android. So, we built Android very quickly. This is now May of 2022. The second we finished Android, we then did another round of marketing and it was one Tik Tok that went viral and then that was it. It activated everybody and took over the world over the next week. What was that Tik Tok? It's a Tik Tok of a girl and she's like showing one of her NGL messages. Someone said, "Oh, I was with your boyfriend last night or your boyfriend said this about you." And it was like the girl like, you know, get a hint on who sent me the message. Right. So, it was kind of like one of those really funny like gotcha type Tik Toks and it blew up. It got like a million views very quickly. >> That's crazy. What was the hook of that video? It sounds kind of similar to stuff that goes viral today. It was really like a controversial crazy message to get from someone, you know. So, it was like we tried this with a bunch of different message texts, you know, just like funny, controversial stuff, edgy that just would catch your eye when you were like scrolling TikTok. And then we always kind of related it back into the platform of like, oh, you can get so many messages from people and yeah, you might be able to like potentially find out who sent the message super excited like, oh, I'm going to download that. And that's what activated like our first thousand users in one day was from that Tik Tok. I've seen some people criticize like mass virality on Tik Tok like for consumer apps and they say like even if you get a bunch of users they'll turn out. So, but it seems like that wasn't the case for you guys. How did you like handle the virality and actually take advantage of it? >> The beauty of NGL is it's like a really tight viral loop. We found that a lot of people that turned out of the product ended up coming back in because their friends would still post NGL links. You know, in some countries it's like every teenager, you know, all the 17, 18, 19 year olds, right? all those people that are in like that that high school college era, it's their link in bio. If you turn out, you're going to ultimately come back in because you're going to see your friend post their link. Maybe it'll be in their bio. You'll send them a message and they'll realize, "Oh, wait. I kind of want to do this now, too." So, it had churn for sure, but it also had this like very high reddownload rate, which I think is what's allowed it to continue to be so popular today. >> That's interesting. Yeah. So, it really became a habit and part of people's core day-to-day, but then also you got that real estate which is the link in bio. This is consumer social like people are interacting with each other, but you guys are also monetized. So, can you talk about the the revenue side of things? >> Yeah, for sure. I mean, the revenue is done very well. It's a multi-8 figure a year business. I think the the revenue is primarily it's just derived through weekly subscription in different countries. It's priced differently depending on the region and depending on the GDP per capita of that country. So, it's always like a low impulse buy. You know, anywhere between a dollar and $7. So, it's pretty cheap. And I'd say a very small percentage of our downloads actually monetized. It's primarily used as a free product. It's really only for like power users that want, you know, to see more insights about who's sending them their messages or viewing their profile or they want to, you know, post different, you know, we call them different link games that we have. But it's primarily a free product. It's just because of the volume of users, we've been able to generate significant revenue just by taking a very small percentage of those users and moving them to paid. I feel like there's two types of consumer startups. There's like pure consumer social like Facebook, Instagram, and they monetize with ads cuz they have billions of users. And then there's single player utility apps, a lot of the AI apps that you see these days like GPT rappers. But then you guys are kind of in the middle where you're you're consumer social but you're also monetized. I'm curious like so you started in 2021 so you've had four years to build this company. Do you think that this genre of do a mass consumer kind of social product monetized? Absolutely. I think the opportunity is still there. I think everything that I've done in social that's been successful have been things that are built on top of existing networks. So I did this previously before NGL. Prior to NGL, I had like over 70 million downloads on other apps that I had built over the course of the beginning of my career. And I think that opportunity is still very much open. I think it comes down to where you're targeting for the graph, right? We target Instagram, you could target Snapchat, you could target X, you could target, you know, Facebook and, you know, go for the the 45-year-old moms, right? It doesn't really matter. I do think that you can still build consumer products and you can monetize them in a simple way and grow them on the backs of these like behemoth networks. That's interesting. Do you think you're essentially competing with the big platforms? You're getting attention from them on the platform and then you're pulling them off the platform and I guess augmenting their experience with Instagram or whatever it is, but do you feel that you're sort of at odds with them? It doesn't compete with the big networks. I think it does enhance or augment the experience of using it. That's a great way to put it. Like you can use Instagram the exact same way, but you just tap this link. It opens inside of Instagram. your experience is only slightly interrupted from scrolling and then you can very quickly either go and do it yourself, right, by downloading the app or you just close it and go to the next story, right, and just kind of on. So, it's like a lightweight interruption to the flow, but it's very easy to like bypass it or just go through the flow. It's not going to be like a 10-minute funnel. Sorry, very quick interruption. Hunter is a member of Consumer Club. It's an online community for app founders to meet each other. You should apply to join consumer club and meet Hunter inside. This pod is also sponsored by Superwwell. Thanks so much Superwwell for helping put this together. The home screen, it's a two-step copy link, then share. When you tap share, you're given this screen. These are animated gifts. And then it tells you, you know, click the sticker button, click the link button, you know, add the link to your story, and then frame the link. Right? That was the whole concept. If you just post it with our flow like this, we will automatically copy this asset. We'll pull your profile picture and we'll put it in here and make it look really nice and then you tap it. It opens up a window. You can tap the dice. You'll get ideas if you don't know what to tell people what to say. There's a persistent download button at the bottom. And then once you send it, we then tell you to get your own messages or you can just go back and send another one. It's pretty straightforward. And then it looks like this when you get them on the app and you can tap it here and then you can either get a hint which we can reveal like type of phone the user has or the rough location or you can reply and reply basically just copies it onto your story and then you can respond to it. >> What I really love about this is like just the copywriting of get your own messages. When you think about it, the result of that call to action, you sell the end result, right? Which is what they'll get if they actually do follow the steps. And then once they're hooked, they get into the flow and then they download the app and they follow the instructions. You're almost like leading with, oh, this is super easy. You're just going to get your own messages. And then you kind of have to educate them as you go. >> 100%. And it's way easier to get a download by saying get your own messages than saying, hey, download this app. And that's why we we have like a very very it's still a very very high ratio of like new users hitting this screen and immediately going to the app store and downloading it. And the beauty of this app is, you know, our onboarding 15, 20 seconds, right? It's like very quickly we bring you and and drop you onto this screen right here. A big lesson I learned with apps is just how do you make it like one flow, one funnel, and don't over complicate it and just focus on like a northstar metric. In the case of NGL, our northstar metric was like how many people are posting the link and then they're posting like at least two replies. >> That's so interesting. So I feel like nailing that first kind of core set of users is really important. Another question I had is this is not a completely new invention like there's anonymous messaging app came before this but did not take advantage of this exact platform shift that you talked about which is the link in Instagram story. I'm curious if is this the way that you think of products in general like tying an existing concept with a new platform arbitrage? Is that like a way to always think about startups or are there other frameworks that you think about starting products? That's definitely a good framework I would say like find existing things that happen on other networks or other distribution mechanisms and just switch the distribution mechanism and improve the product to a certain degree and and you're right you know before NGL there's YOLO yik asm we could go all the way back I mean formspring like this is a behavior on the internet that's existed for a long time I do think that the reason NGL went as big as it did and has more downloads than all of those apps is because we use the biggest distribution graph of all which is the Instagram graph. That's why it did so well. But NGL also is huge on other platforms, too. Twitter, it's big on WhatsApp. Like, it's big across the board, I think, also because a lot of these anonymous apps have over complicated them after they were successful, right? They added feeds and they added complicated profile tools and like if you look at NGL today and you look at NGL when it went viral, it's very, very similar. It's not changed to a large order of magnitude. I'd say that it's more been optimized and refined and that we found ways to just like make the product cooler and more fun and more engaging, but we didn't, you know, add multiple more tabs and, you know, make it super confusing. Like, it stayed relatively the same. >> I like how you said distribution graph. So when when people think of distribution graphs and you know if someone wants to build a startup that uses the same framework and they're thinking about the major distribution graphs there's like you said Twitter X, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, maybe YouTube. Do you think that there's an underutilized or almost like an an arbitrage opportunity looking at smaller graphs that are still powerful? Is there anything like that that you're noticing these days? I >> I mean there's definitely an opportunity there for sure. I think I'm kind of seeing an emergence of more of these smaller graph type apps, right? Like I'm seeing these. I do think there's an opportunity there for sure. But I also think that like you could build a super viral experience, put it on Twitter and it will work, right? Like you don't have to go and only find the smaller graphs and the newer apps or like the very like niche communities. You could still use a big platform and just, you know, have a a good viral loop and it will work. This is the OG right here. This is what started it all. This app actually never made it to the app store, which is funny. It died in test flight. It took two and a half years to build this app. The general concept of this one, I was seeing all these influencers blow up on social media and I was seeing that a lot of them like didn't post interesting content. So, I wanted to figure out a way to like kind of create a different graph where the cooler things you do and the more times you hang out with your friends, like the more times people see your content to encourage like viral moments. Extremely hard problem to solve. And I solved it in an even more difficult problem. The UI is very confusing. Even though this app failed, I just loved the process of designing it so much that I realized that like this is what I should be doing with my life. But yeah, this was a spectacular failure. Good lessons learned though. I started this app though in 2017. So it took 2 and 1/2 years just to like go through multiple iterations, different designs, paid a development agency. And this one I fully sunset in 2020. And then I built this one next. This is Zoom University. We had the idea of like let's build a double dating app for college kids and it started with it was like we literally was like a meme because like Zoom University was a meme at the time and we were like let's just like embrace the meme. So we like went on meme pages and posted content and just like funny stuff. What it did is it like just got everybody excited about it and we had a weight list of like 40,000 people and it was a 7:1 girl to guy ratio which is in dating is unheard of. And that was a a real lesson I learned of like women will do things because they're really comfortable that they're with another woman. That's what made it so great is cuz like if you're a young girl, you don't want to go on like a video chat app and talk to some random guy. Like that's kind of uncomfortable. But if you had your best friend with you and you're going to get two guys that come in and we had like, as you can see, there was like a little group chat and then a private chat. You could open these up and then the girls will say, "Oh, these guys are weird. Let's leave." And then both people would have to match or both people would have to skip. It made it like this cool experience of like quadruple opt-in basically like double opt-in on both sides. And then if you matched, you'd be thrown into a group chat and you would just save everybody's profile pictures and you guys could just like give each other your Instagrams, Snapchats, whatever. This one did I want to say somewhere like maybe a couple hundred thousand downloads, but it went top 10 in the app store in the social category. >> I remember the Zoom University Facebook group. Did you guys own that? I'd have to ask my buddy Danny, but I know we were in every single Facebook group for every college. The V1 of this app was actually done over Zoom, which was funny. Like sending meeting codes and then we built this app very, very quickly. That's wild. I like the private chat and then the public chat. It definitely solves that problem. Like the next one I built did 70 million downloads. This is Wink. Premise behind it originally was that we wanted to make it really easy for people to exchange Snapchats with each other. all these young people are bored and they're at home and it's locked down and Snapchat doesn't have a good social graph for like friend suggestions. So, we kind of just had the idea, let's build like a really simple way to just like swipe on people like Tinder and instead of adding them on the app, it would just add them on Snapchat. This is another one that I built. This was I built in the same era as Wink. The idea here was we wanted to create a different way where people could make friends. I designed these games myself and you know we had it where like you would just tap on a game or you tap this button it would randomly match you. This was a cool animation showing like people that were in games and then you had a uh a microphone option here. So you'd be on a voice chat with the other person so you could just talk to them while you're flicking a little soccer game or playing trivia and then when you would win either could do a rematch or you could you know go play with somebody else. We had a leaderboard. Some people would connect their Snapchats so you could add people there. We had a rewards section at one point which was pretty cool. Then we had like the profile. So very simple app. This app had like some of the highest average time spent of any app I've ever built. Close to an hour per user. I feel like games PvP with real money is just such an insane concept. It combines the hourlong retention of gaming. What's your take on crypto with PVP games? Will happen. It's a question of when. A lot of the people have tried many years at this point, but I'd say that if you're going to build a crypto app is a whole other beast than anything else. At some point there will be a very successful crypto game. I think we've all kind of been wanting it to happen since especially since last cycle, the 2021 cycle and we had like the Axi Infinities of the World and all these other games. Like people want it, it's just no one's packaged it right. I think it comes down to just building a really good product. Sometimes when your focus is on the money aspect, you don't focus as much on the actual player and the app experience and the social graph. It's also very very hard to acquire customers in gaming. It's a very competitive space. Most of it is run by paid. So if you're a small guy and you're starting out, games is not where you start. It's double hard. It's like you have to make a fun game that retains users for an hour plus. That's so hard. and then acquiring the users. It's so competitive because all these mobile gaming companies have so much money to burn out ads. I built a lot of other things that were like different type apps. So like this one for example, I just love the design of this one. The UX is really clean. And this was like a meditation/mindfulness app that basically like allows you to scroll through quotes and then you could change like the font and like the colors and you could share the quotes on your Instagram or Snapchat or over text. And we had like sleep sounds and like frequencies that you could play. I built this with my first mentor cuz he wanted the app. So, we kind of built this for ourselves. But, I'm really glad I did it. I built something totally outside of my comfort zone. It looks just like some of the other like sleep sounds or meditation apps, like very in the niche for sure. And then this was another one I built. This was like a hybrid web app plus Instagram story. So, we kind of built this very lightweight video product where you would post like a preview and then you post a link. People would tap the link and then it would open this and you'd get a ticket. This was an animation that looked really sick. And then it would you say, "Welcome to PopStream." This was a waiting room and you would basically see where you are in the line and how many people are waiting. This was kind of the the other version, right? If you were the creator, you would see like how do you get someone to join and we kind of explain it, show you your link. When somebody did join your call, it would do a countdown. You would be facetiming with the celebrity and it would show you a time here and there was like a little ad time indicator when it got low. And at the end, you would enter your email address and we would just email you a video of your meet and greet with that influencer/ celebrity. It did very well in the early tests that we kind of did for it. But I think the reason it didn't work is because at the time influencer pricing was crazy high. Getting a top tier influencer to just post a link was like 20 grand. So the economics just didn't make sense. And so we ended up sunsetting this out as well. When you look at bags, this is bags today. Okay, this is what it looks like. These are all like influencers basically crypto influencers. You know, Cupsy for example is a you know influencer or crypto. You basically can see what they're buying in real time. You get to see like what's the market cap of the token. Are they, you know, up or down? What's the percentage? And then you just tap this button right here to quick buy it and it'll buy the token immediately. The purpose of the screen was to solve the discovery problem of tokens in crypto. We also have a group chat screen so tokens can create their own communities and put them on bags where we have integrated trading inside of the chats versus Telegram where like you got to have a bot and you got to like type slashstart slashby. We kind of just built chats inside of a native trading product and there's like a you know trending search screen where you can see all the tokens that are doing well and you see popular tokens and here's like our wallet. The idea really was just like to make a wallet look not like a typical wallet. So I had the idea of like creating a a credit card type experience. Yeah. You can send to any wallet or any person on the app by username. You can deposit with Apple Pay which is like yeah right here you pause Apple Pay or crypto. When you tap on a token you know looks like this. And you can do balances. You can max sell it. You see your position all the stats. The about section for the token holders activity. And then there's like this is you know persistent sticky on the bottom so you could quick buy it. So very different product than the other one. >> Yeah, I love this. It's just everything like the discovery, the group chats. Group chats are powerful cuz you're like the existing behaviors like the influencers talk to their followers about coins and now that's happening in the group chat. And then buy coins with Apple Pay is also kind of insane. Like I don't think that was possible before, right? That's like a new thing. >> This is a new thing. We integrate with Moonay. That's our main provider for this and they help us on ramp through Apple Pay. And I think it'll only get better. The limits will only get higher. >> I guess my main question is how does this make money? >> So, it makes money off of transaction volume whenever there's a big spike in onchain volume. We make a a 1% fee on transactions and then we pass back the majority of that fee to your friend who invited you to the app. Or if you're in a group chat, someone posts a token, you buy it from them, then they'll earn some of that commission as well. And then we also have a token launchpad product where you can create your own coin, launch it. Our spin on it though is we do a 1% royalty. Not just earning on the LP transaction, actually earning like on every single trade. You could run up $2 million of volume and you'll make $20,000 really easily, really fast. And we're also building like pretty crazy things I can't talk about right now, but it will make it even better. I wanted to ask you about a very specific idea, and I want to talk about a specific app and just get your take on it. This is a recipe sharing app. Basically, you scroll through Instagram. There's a share button that pops up. When you click share, the recipe icon, like the app icon is right there, and you can share it to the recipe app. The recipe app scans the video, like the Tik Tok or the Instagram, and then it generates a recipe with all the ingredients and the quantities from the video itself. Most app developers aren't really thinking about the share menu as a piece of real estate, but it is. One interesting thing is also that it's not actually that easy to get your app onto the share menu. Once it's there, it looks good, but to get it there, it takes, I think, three or four taps total. To scroll over, tap more and then edit, add, and then scroll and drag it up to the first position and then click done. And then now it's there forever. Every time you scroll on Instagram, that app is going to be there. So, I don't I just wanted your take on this cuz I feel like you could probably build recipe for other categories. You're scrolling Instagram for travel videos and you want to, you know, extract travel plans and you can monetize probably a lot more heavily than in the food category. What do you think about the Instagram share menu? >> I actually advised a company that did this in a different space that a good friend of mine built. The app is called Fade. Save and organize videos from anywhere. So, the idea really was like so many times on Tik Tok and you like a video, then you go back to look at your likes and the video's gone. It's been deleted. there was a major amount of videos that were getting wiped off the internet that you just couldn't find anymore. This app did very well. It blew up. I think it went close to number one and it had the same thing where like you would tap share, tap more, scroll down to faves, and it would open it. We'd have a really cool experience there. The recipe faves playbook is definitely a good playbook. If the users understand the value of the product, like they really get the value and why it's so important, then you could put a multi-step tutorial in front of them. That's what worked for NGL. Like they knew the value of NGL because they saw their friends get messages. So when they got to the app and then they tap share and it's four steps, they don't really care cuz they've kind of already been sold this concept of like what they're getting. So I think if you can sell them effectively in the beginning, then sure, stick up a tutorial and just make it simple to follow and measure and see how many people fall out of the flow. >> Idea validated. Someone go build this and then get advised by Hunter. I have another idea I want to get your take on. Did you know that there are iOS Safari extensions? Everyone thinks of Chrome extensions as things on desktop. You know, Honey is probably like one of the biggest examples or Adlock. There's also like Adblock on Safari mobile, which is kind of crazy. One app I saw recently is Tin. It's kind of like Honey. It's save coupons on Safari mobile. And I think they make money probably with deals with these merchants. Basically, my app idea is you put credit card recommendations at checkout. So, you route people to use the best credit cards that will give them the best rewards of their own credit cards, but then if there's a credit card that would actually get them more rewards, you can suggest that to them and these credit card companies will pay you like up to $500 per person that you refer. Do you think that kind of weird niche markets like this are worth looking at? I actually advise another company that does this. Once you get over the hump of the user education, I think it works really well. As long as the app is more designed to be in the background, I think this stuff could work. Once again, you have to sell the user cuz it's like, how do you install it? You know, this is now five steps, right? Six steps with the completion. So, that's a lot. And I think that it really only works if prior to that tutorial, the user's fully sold and they're just bought in and they're like, "Yep, I get it. I need this." That's the hard part at setting. >> And you have to do that somehow with viral Tik Toks ads. Would you add a social element to this? >> I always like adding social elements. I love adding, you know, invite screens, forcing users to share. I think it's a great way to get stamp of approval from someone. If you text your friend an app or you post an app on your story, for example, it's like an endorsement. I'm a big fan of that. I put that in every product. There's always, you know, easy ways to invite people as long as it actually makes sense. If you were currently at 10K MR with an app, you want to really scale. So, you kind of have some product market fit and you have, let's say, like a $10,000 budget, what would you do? Like, what are the channels that you think are interesting right now? Curious if you have a take on that. So, you're a 10,000 MR and you want to scale. What do you do with the 10,000? Let's say you have 20K a month budget actually. Okay. 20K a month. Good amount of that money should be put towards either UGC with influencers or ads. But what I would do is I would break it up into like experiments, right? So you experiment what cohort came from which ad or which Tik Tok video and then constantly be adapting the formats and adapting it but doing smaller tests, right? Don't spend all the money on like, you know, one specific creative. I would just test like a dozen of them. I'd really focus on like productled growth. How do you use those ads in the in the UGC to just bring people in and then how do you get those people to immediately invite a friend, right? So like that's also something that's important like having a social functionality where you know that when you spend something whatever your CPI is it's actually considerably lower because a certain percentage of users are bringing somebody else. Those two things kind of come together like what's the best hook to get somebody in? Is it an ad? Is it a video on Tik Tok? And then once you have them in, can you get X% to just share it? And then I would say your focus should just be on scaling all of that content up and finding other distribution mechanisms and just spending your money primarily on like tests cuz then you'll basically you'll hit like a format that works. You'll hit like a specific ad that works and then you've also solved the productled growth problem of like getting people to invite. So it's just like that's the where the flywheel really kicks off. That's how I would do it. I just spend it on getting more users in. >> Super actionable. Love it. Thanks so much Hunter. This is amazing having you. super tactical. I learned a lot. A lot of wisdom, too. Just thinking about what's working and what could work in the future. I feel like I'm 40 years old. There's a lot of apps like I tweeted recently. There's a test flight graveyard. So, there's a lot more than what I showed you here that just never even made it. It's a fun industry because you're constantly able to take L's and like just redo it again. Thanks so much. Yeah, we'll close it out here. My pleasure, man. This was great. >> I do more of these pie interviews with Super Wall, so check out the channel. You'll see some more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [11/28] Meet The Guy Dominating The App Store
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcDOgWGh4bc
Duration: 54:09
Words: 11,103

How do you build a portfolio of 30 apps with over 50 million downloads? >> Yeah, probably more to be honest. I haven't really kept count. >> You build a factory. Ryan's team built a system so effective it turned one of their apps into the number one most downloaded app in the US beating Tik Tok and Google. >> We heard of like Tik Tok at that time, you know, Google, Chrome, all the other apps that everyone downloads every day. But seeing the number one downloaded app on that day was just insane. But the crazy part, even with the factory, they still couldn't explain [music] their biggest hit, a creator who repeatedly got tens of millions of views for reasons they still don't quite understand. Top left one, 66.9 million. It just went super viral. We tried to replicate the same video across 20, 30, 40 different content creators. Didn't work. She did another video back to back, hit again. I don't know why. It's just makes no sense to me. >> So, how do they build a predictable system around unpredictable results? First, they built an in-house university to train an army of 250 content [music] creators and turn them from amateurs into professionals who understand all the relevant metrics. >> We had a really large content creator army that we built inhouse, effectively created our own kind of university teaching them how to make good ads, good content [music] for us. >> Second, they created a three tier ad scaling system. Every video gets a $20 test. Winners graduate to a level two campaign with a bigger budget. And the top 1% of those become level three evergreens that get 90% of the [music] ad spend. >> You might get to a point where you just have the same video running at level one, level two, and level three, just at different scale spends. That was effectively the model. >> Third, they mastered seasonal ad buying arbitrage, spending 75% of their entire annual ad budget in January when the cost to acquire a user is 50% cheaper. The first week of January is effectively the Super Bowl, the Black Friday of results where you just have so many market tailwind wins with you. We would spend effectively like 75% of our ad budget within the first month of the year. >> Ryan's whole approach was not based around trying to find [music] a viral trend or just ride waves of hype. It was to build a machine that could test thousands of videos, identify winners, and scale [music] them systematically. we could allocate certain amount of content, maybe thousands of videos across [music] the portfolio in as profitable a way as we could based off of the metrics that was coming off the back of the the [music] ads that were being created. And in this episode, Ryan opens up the entire playbook. How to build a creator army from scratch, his [music] three tier system for scaling ads from $20 to millions of dollars and how he's now building an AI employees to run his entire playbook for him. We are creating AI employees for your mobile app and then in the background while you sleep, it's just going to grow your app. It's going to find problems. It's going to make sure that they're fixed. This is a masterass in building an industrial app growth factory. Let's get into it. This is the Superall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the Consumer Club Discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their payw walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwall. But one thing you might not know is Superwall has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently, they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own paywall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pod. So you have 30 apps in your portfolio and a few of them have 7 figure AR. It was Reflectly your first app in the portfolio? >> Yes. So, Reflectly was the original app that was built back in 2017 and then at the time it was the AI journaling app before AI was a thing. It was kind of just a combination of machine learning and then from 2017 to 2020 uh we scaled that relatively large. Um mainly we had just a really good arbitrage with Facebook ads. Um we were doing micro influencers at the time. So finding UGC before it was a hot topic uh is one way of doing it. Um, so we had influencers, usually content creators in local countries speaking like the local dialect and getting them to convert really well on Facebook ads. >> Interesting. So you'd find micro influencers, but you wouldn't have them actually post their content organically. You would just pay them to read a script and then you'd use that as an ad. >> Yeah, exactly. So um and and it became got to the point where it was so uh we couldn't predict the videos that were going to win. Um, it was just a combination of trust that they are going to come up with, you know, how influencers are, they come up with the wildest videos of like babies crying in the background, bad uh lighting, and those were always the videos that seem to catch and work. >> How much revenue was Reflectly making at its peak? >> Uh, app its peak was probably doing three 34 million AR. >> Okay. Wow. >> We were spending the exact same effectively. >> So, net net we were we weren't making massive progress. Um the charts look great but we were spending a lot of money to maintain that level. >> Interesting. Were you going for an exit because you sold the company eventually? Like were you okay with the kind of like the break even profitability or did you want to get to like profit eventually? >> Yeah. Well, it's a it's a really good question. It opens up a whole whole line of discussion. Um so it was around 2020. We were hitting these numbers. as we were growing really fast and we had all these uh different investors who are curious and interested in kind of scaling that and focusing on becoming like the next calm or the next headsp space. Um but to be honest we didn't quite believe it ourselves. I think co was about to start was happening was sort of around that time. Um and we didn't know how reliable Facebook ads were going to be. iOS 14 just came in so the tracking got worse. So the ability to just scale it to 10 20 30 40 50 million AR just didn't seem realistic. And I think that's kind of a case study of how we've been over the years trying to do what we think is realistically the best idea. And what that led to was we had another option. So we were able to acquire a habit app called Done. It's now called Do Habit. And we acquired that and it came with a portfolio of extra apps as well. Yeah. So we we acquire we acquired this one. It came with another five or six apps kind of like as a bundle. And what was really great about this is we paid uh a pretty good price for it, but it was quite undermonetized. Um there was room for growth. We knew that there was improvement in like pay walls and inapp subscriptions that we could make. And so we we acquired the app and then within sort of 12 to 18 months we made our money back. And then we thought, well, if we were going to spend the same amount of money on adverts, it's less reliable that we're going to make that same amount of money back. and we still own the habit tracker or the mobile app asset and we own all the user base and the tech as well that we can sell on afterwards if we want to. So we kind of thought maybe there's an opportunity here to build a portfolio to build a a roll up of apps and to be honest that's what we did. So for the next 5 years 2020 to 2025 roughly we just went at it. We we acquired another 30 35 apps in total and we built that portfolio. Wow, that's a lot of apps. And you had around like 50 million downloads total for all the apps combined. >> Yeah, probably more to be honest. I haven't really kept count. Um, but yeah, we we were big in driving a lot of downloads specifically through Tik Tok over the years. We had a, you know, really large content creator army that we housed, built inhouse, effectively created our own kind of university teaching them how to make good ads, good content for us. Mhm. >> Um and then we were able to get crazy amount of downloads during our peak seasons, peak periods for our portfolio of apps in you know January, February time. Um and that the amount of downloads we're able to get from these Tik Tok based videos were was quite crazy at the time. >> Okay. So you said the magic were at Tik Tok. So we're going to get into that. But right before that, I was curious about the Facebook ad arbitrage you were mentioning because it sounds like at the time, what year was that? You said 2018. >> Between 2018 and 2020. Yeah. >> Yeah. So 2018 to 2020, it seems like there was still sort of like a ad arbitrage with micro influencers and like UGC in paid ads because I guess like brands just weren't really doing that yet with um putting micro influencer UGC and like authentic feeling testimonials in Facebook ads. So were you getting like underpriced clicks and things like that? And you said it got to like 2 or 3 million AR and then it was break even. But were you profitable leading up to that like before you got to that like bigger revenue? I remember. >> Yeah. So we were profitable um before we started fully scaling and then through 2018 to 2020. Darius, who's the CMO at the time, he really uh drove the I guess the the UGC playbook in the really early days when Facebook was kind of like Tik Tok where there was such an arbitrage of no one's making these oddlooking, not so great UGC videos. Um, but they were converting like crazy because all the other big companies and advertisers were doing polished graphic ads at the time. Then that became the strategy that kind of really rose reflectly to the fame that it that it got to in the industry. >> So it seems like over time like you know and now you got into Tik Tok you know organic UGC. So it seems like the authenticity level of advertising and marketing just keeps going up and up over the years and you you guys like continue to stay ahead of it. So yeah talk to me about the the Tik Tok marketing. What was the strategy? Yeah. So it was it was basically an evolution of the Facebook strategy from 2018 to 2020 2021. Tik Tok was new. It was um you know open season. There wasn't much competition. Tik Tok ad platform was also kind of really driving you to use their ads platform tools and products. So they were incentivizing uh your ad spend to go even further. So we just dove on that and just kept building up a real creator army in house because we worked for like a lot of agencies over the years but no one then no one could really crack it internally uh for us. So we just thought why don't we just do it ourselves. So we reached out to hundreds of content creators built an in-house uh automated system that basically took a content creator from knowing about us right the way through to being able to make a video for us that converted. And we taught them every step of the way. And we automated every step of the way from interview to concept or brief that we sent to them right the way up to video that they would make, editing, going back and forth, invoicing, payments. We did the whole thing in house. And that allowed us to get to a point where, you know, let's say we had 20 apps that we were spending ads on, we could allocate certain amount of content, maybe thousands of videos um across the portfolio in a in as profitable a way as we could based off of the metrics that was coming off the back of the the ads that were being created. Do you have any of the like videos or posts still up on Tik Tok? >> Yeah. So, if you go to Tik Tok account, so uh type in do.habits and it'll be that one. And then we have another one which is growth bundle. They're all relatively the same, but if you scroll down here, it's basically goes on forever. Um it's just constant videos. Um all the same style, all the same concept with dozens of different content creators. And are you just posting all these organically or are these uh like becoming [music] ads? >> Yeah, so it was a combination. So we would post uh all of the videos organically on our own channels. Um and then if they picked up any organic traction, then we would boost them a bit more with our ad spends. And then if they really took off, we would spark ad the video to the actual content creators account. So we were effectively using four or five different ways to push the same video if it caught traction. I see. So, first you would post it organically on your own brand account and then if it started to pick up, you would start boosting it with ads. Like how much engagement does it need to have before you start boosting >> anything? You know, even if it's got like sort of 10K views. Um because obviously you're in that sort of jail period of 0 to 300 views and then once it starts breaking out into like 5,000 to 10,000 views, you see you think I've got I've got something here. there's a little bit of something special that this might be able to scale. And so you you push it a little bit and it works even more and you push it a little bit more and it hits your, you know, your CPI metrics or your your subscription metrics, whatever you're targeting. Um, >> and then you you figured out a concept and then you roll that same idea into your content creators and you ask them to make more of those variations of that style of video >> to to compound the learnings of that one viral video. So, at what point do you decide like, okay, this is a winner. I'm going to replicate this style, figure out how to like write a brief around it, and then give it to a bunch of creators to make it uh make variations. Like, what's that like really? Well, >> yeah. I think I think if we're able to spend a few hundred a day initially on it with with hitting our metrics, then we think that is a good case to replicate because most of them, you know, they they run out of steam after $100 because they're just you, you know, the metrics early. Your pixel is strong enough to pick up whether it's going to work or not. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> So, after a couple hundred dollars are spent on it, you kind of know from that point on. >> Yeah, that's interesting. It's kind of like a looking at a viral video. Like you can kind of tell if a video is going to perform well uh after a certain while. Like it's hits 10,000 views and it kind of plateaus at 20,000. It's probably not going to keep going. Uh it's like not worth like pursuing that format anymore. You kind of get a taste for it, right? It's like um if you've made hundreds or thousands of videos when you've posted them, you can just tell. Um, one one thing that really catches is like um if if the comments start going off, if you start getting 10 100 kind of comments on the video, even if it doesn't have tons of views, you just know that there's some hook on that that is going to make it go viral even more. One example that we had was um one of our content creators without knowing put like a motivational speech of Emma Chamberlain in the background who's like a famous YouTuber in in the space and um everyone started commenting like Emma Chamberlain Emma Chamberlain oh my god we love her la I don't I didn't really know who it was but that video just absolutely blew off like 50 60 million views until we then obviously got like a cease and desist letter from their law firm saying you're using her likeness to effectively promote your your app, your product, which in part is true. But we then kind of took that idea and we took so many other famous people voice. I this was very early days of like AI voice kind of coming out like Ariana Grand Ariana Grande, Beyonce, uh Adele and we just took their voices and we did the same script and some of them took off but we knew that we couldn't push it always too hard otherwise you know the the law firms would probably come after us. But it's but but it's enough. It's enough to hook the the average Tik Tok scroller to be like, "Oh, this sounds familiar. I'm just going to [music] stop." And then that's what Tik Tok needs in order to push the video to the next level. >> It reminds me of those like Joe Rogan podcast clips cuz he talks about health and supplements all the time. So people take like a clip, an audio clip of that and overlay it over their whatever other supplement they're selling and then it kind of adds the trust of like a familiar voice to the thing that you're selling. >> Yeah. It's just like you're just trying to find a hook. Um, you know, attention is just so hard to grab these days. Um, so anything crazy that you can do in the first second, you know, you take it to to drive downloads. >> So, going back to the ad scaling strategy, so you would first, you know, post organically, then you would increase the spend until you get a winner, then you would replicate the winner across creators. So, when you're increasing spend, do you start it off with a certain amount and then increase it um every day or how do you actually increase the spend on on the ad? >> Yeah, so it depends on the season and for the category of apps. So, let's talk about, you know, our biggest season, which is usually the runup to New Year's Eve or around sort of this time. Uh, you know, all the everyone trying to have like new resolutions and everything. Um, so how we would operate it, we we would do a very basic sort of campaign scaling structure. We would have a level one campaign. Basically, every video would go in as like a separate ad set and we would test each video with, you know, $10 to $20. Every video effectively gets a fair whack at hitting the target metrics at that level one level. if we see after one or two days, so maybe 20 to $40 of spend on that one video has shown promise or we just shut it off really early after $5 or $10 spend because we know where it's going. Um, if it then qualifies, it effectively graduates into a level two campaign. And in that level two campaign, it's adets again or or a CBO campaign. You can kind of run both both from parallel. Um, and this is less amount of videos but higher amount of spend. So you might be just having an ad set with four or five videos and 100 to 200 maybe even $500 um in that level two campaign. And again, Tik Tok is testing these videos now at a new level at new scale of spend trying to hit your same lower down the funnel metrics that you're targeting or top ofunnel like downloads. Eventually one or two, you know, rise to the top. Um and these become like your your level three campaigns or almost like your evergreen videos that just will take 90% of your ad spend. But you don't you don't turn off your level twos or your level ones if they're still working. >> So because once the campaign is moving and you know Tik Tok has learned that this video works well with this audience and you keep getting the results, there's no point turning it off. >> So you might get to a point where you just have the same video running at level one, level two, and level three just at different scale spans. That was effectively the model. Very simple. Again, we were a really small team. There was basically me, a media buyer, and a head of content to manage all the creators. So the simpler the better. That sounds like a lot of creators though because you you say that you would put all the ads in in one ad set and spend $20 each and then only the ones that work you would graduate to level two and then only the ones that work there you graduate to level three. So you must start with a lot of ads to begin with. But in order for it to even reach level one, you said it has to get 10,000 views organically, right? >> Yes. Well, it depends. So, when you're running uh ads in peak season, peak periods for like hour apps, that period is just so good that the videos are going to get lots of views anyway. When you're pushing them kind of in without knowing if they're going to work or not, you can just push them organically first. There's two ways you can go to it. You can go launch them all straight into level one, run them that way, or you can just do bit of both, where you can push them organically first if you don't have as much money in lower, quieter periods of the year, and then if they do work, then you boost them that way. So you you wanna you want to just put a ton of ad creatives in with you know 10 $20 $30 a day and [music] we know which which costs a little bit of money you're like wasting $20 if the ad doesn't work out. So if you want to save on the ad budget in the testing phase you can just post all those organically first and then see if they they hit >> exactly. So that's like the the safer way to not spend as much money. Um but if you are time constraint and just need to scale and get answers very quickly, you go down all into level one and just boost. Um because with the health and fitness category and the productivity category of mobile apps, like the first week of January is effectively the Super Bowl, the blurber back Friday of results where you just have so many market tailwind wins with you that effectively your average price to acquire a download, let's say, is half for than what it is throughout the rest of the year, maybe more. So, we would spend effectively like 75% of our ad budget within the first month of the year. Um, the rest of the time we were just testing and seeing what creatives we could learn over the years to then run again back in January. >> Interesting. Cuz January is the cheapest month, you're saying. >> Yeah, exactly. And being that we had an app portfolio, our big mindset was always like, where do we allocate capital the most efficiently? Do we buy more apps or do we run ad spend? Most of the time buying more apps was a better way to grow. But at periods of of the year like January, ad spend was was king because that created a new baseline for the whole company every year of MR AR kind of numbers. >> Yeah, super like systematic. I love it. And this is like we've been going down like the scientific just the step by step for scaling, but let's look into these actual ads. So, do any of these like stick out to you immediately that could be interesting? >> Yeah. So, um, top left one, 66.9 million. Um, the girl that we worked with on this, you know, it was it was early days when we were just starting this sort of scaling trend and we were trying to find like a a content creator that could just go viral. Um, and for some reason, I don't know what it was, but whenever this person made video, it just hit. It just went super viral. And we tried to replicate the same video across 20, 30, 40 different content creators. Didn't work. She did another video like back to back hit again and I don't know why it's just makes no sense to me but she was one of the like you know the the best content creators we were able to work with to create content with. Um >> that's crazy. Let me let me unmute and listen to what this video is. [music] >> So it's just music the whole time. There's no like >> just music, barely any talking. Um, she does she does another video. You might be able to see in a second, but um like it's it was just it was just madness. Um, and we like to think we're very scientific with trying to work out what virality means. And I know it's like it's up in up in the clouds as to what truly makes something viral. U, but we went as deep as um working out how many frames were in a video because that's what we tried to break down as like an attention grabber. So >> we it's like 10 to 15 seconds long. It needs to be 25 to 27 frames, you know, chops in the video. And we we had so many content pieces, we were able to kind of, you know, aggregate all the data points across all of the videos to make an idea of what made that video viral. And that's the kind of then playbook and concept presentation, you know, pitches, pitch decks, and drafts and things we would give to content creators afterwards to try to replicate it. >> That's crazy. And you still to this day have not figured out why this ad did so well. 66 billion views. >> No, no, no. It worked. It worked back toback for more more than one year as well. But it could be, you know, I think it was like uh a you know early year uh early time in in Tik Tok's sort of period. You can see this was like 2022 2023 sort of time >> and it just hit so well. It got for example the DN app that you saw there. It made number one across all apps on the app store in the US in that on like the second and third of January cuz we put so much money behind it obviously. Um >> this is the top earning app on the app store for a month. >> Like the top free app in the app store on the second and third of January two years in a row. [laughter] >> The second and third of January because you put like a ton of ad spend in those. >> Yeah. Because the because the conversion rates to what our goals that we were targeting were just incredible. Yeah. Wow. [laughter] That's so interesting. >> Like we were ahead of we ahead of like Tik Tok at that time, you know, Google, Chrome, you know, all the other apps everyone downloads every day. But seeing done as like the number one downloaded app on that day was just insane. >> Do you feel like there's a certain range within January like towards end of the year or beginning of the of the year where there's like a window where you can really do marketing for like New Year's type of uh products? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I actually um another another few guys I know who are scaling up their wellness, you know, fitness apps at the moment. Um I walk them through kind of uh our sort of ad account. Um and you can see almost day by day. So, you know, 25th of December, dead. 26th to 28th of December, you could you start testing. You know, you probably start, let's say you're spending 5 10 grand a day around that sort of time just getting the early ideas of how your ads are going to perform. You got to remember there's a there's a multiplier of they're going to perform twice as good on the first or second, but you're trying to find the best 10 from your your collection in this time period. And then 28 of December to 30th, it jumps again the conversion rate quality. So you might boost your your daily ad spend again across all your all your videos. And then depending on the day that New Year's Day falls on. So if you fall on if it's the 1st of January and it's a Thursday or a Friday, don't expect a huge multiple jump in your performance. Uh because even if it's a just cuz it's the 1st of January, but it's a Thursday or Friday, mentally people aren't really clocked into wanting to start the year yet. M >> um the best is where like January 1st falls on like a Sunday because it's like we have yearly cycles. There's also individual season weekly cycles of health and fitness productivity apps. So Sunday, Monday, Tuesday are like peak periods to run ads and you know Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. No one really cares about trying to improve theirelves as much. They're just looking forward to the weekends. >> Yeah. Unfortunately, 2026 has a has a Thursday as our new year. >> Yes. So word word of advice for that is I would say probably that Sunday which will be like the 3rd or the 4th of January. >> That will probably be your peak push period. Um because people everyone's going back to work on that Monday, let's say, for example. And they'll want to feel like now is the time I'm going to start. So yeah, that's that Saturday night into Sunday morning is where you just, you know, 10x the spend if your metrics are showing good good signals early. Yeah, that's that's really interesting. I feel like Facebook would never do that for you because they want you to spend and bid throughout the week, too. [laughter] And then, you know, probably gets I I feel like a lot of media buyers probably don't optimize for Sundays like this in the health and like self-improvement space. No, cuz the thing is when you're doing it, you are kind of playing around sometimes with the average spend level that's going on. Now, in these peak periods, you know, you're spending such a vast range of money that it's it's it's okay and the the market trends are in your favor, but throughout the the year, it's a bit harder to do that. Um, but if you are like launching a new product or a new feature like with that in mind that more people are going to be interested in it on that sort of Sunday, Monday, Tuesday period for this category is is always quite important. um and beginning of the months, you know, first, second, third of every month is better conversion rate for your subscriptions for health and fitness and productivity. >> When you reach out to creators and you're about to invest into organic social and maybe boosting those videos with paid ads, you don't want to just let the creators do whatever they want. Most of the app founders I talked to on this channel basically have the same content philosophy. The videos need to go viral, but also convert and promote an app and ideally are like also repeatable. And those formats are like gems and really hard to find. That's why Tik Tok can sometimes feel like a lottery system. So what a lot of consumer club members do is they use this tool called spy talk which brain rot scrolls hundreds of thousands of Tik Toks and just finds the most viral ones that promote apps. So here I search for fitness, gym, workouts. Let's say you like run a fitness app. I'm going to sort by most viral. And here's this 106x outlier video that promotes a fitness app. and it shows a text hook. It shows the image in the background. And then on the second slide, it has this CTA in a really creative way. And spy talk has been the secret weapon for growth strategy for 11 Labs and Ammo and Voodoo, which is the app studio that owns Bereal. So, I recommend Spy Talk. It really is the only other tool I explicitly recommend on this channel other than Super Wall. Let's look at a couple more ads. So, this this one it looks like it's the it's that same creator. 15 seconds. >> Same go. Same go. Yeah, this did really well. It's basically the same formula. This one looks a little bit different. This is like face hook reaction. >> Yeah. So, this is uh this this one also evolved uh off of all the learnings that we had. Um we just saw a few other videos that were kind of structured like this and just seemed to go viral. I think again I can't put a a finger on why it went v it went viral. It just >> Mhm. >> it just it just works. >> Yeah. But but it would be it would be at a lower level though. We rather than spend maybe 100k on this one ad, we might spend you know 25k on this ad because we couldn't push it any higher. >> I see 25k total like spend over the lifetime of the ad. >> Uh just maybe in that like January period for example. But yeah, we would we would put a lot of money behind these kind of ads like this. >> Interesting. Yeah. So that was like hook and reaction. This one's I guess this is the same one, right? >> Yeah. Same woman as well. the that's the third third video she hit. [laughter] >> Uh, okay. Here's a also like a hook. Okay, but this one's more of a like morning routine video and then they she probably shows the the app screen. Yeah, there we go. Cool. Yeah. And so the common thread through all of these is basically it uses an existing Tik Tok trend that people a certain editing style or like story line that exists on Tik Tok organically and then you show the app interface in the person's hand uh for a couple seconds throughout the video. Um kind of like showing how people cross off their habits. >> Exactly. Exactly. um probably something I can share with you here. So you don't have to go through every single one of them. You can kind of just show like one of the slides because it gives a concept of like how we would work with content creators. So this would be like an example where we break down all these different concepts into lifestyle or educational testimonial videos like this. Yeah. Lifestyle, trend, educational, testimonial. And then each one would break down into the kind of video that we would want. So if you go one more slide over um the lifestyle video would be we would send this to concept content creator is the whole concept sort of style presentation uh where you would have the trending sound the hooks how fast we want the video um and then video requirements. So what I mentioned before the amount of frames per video how many shots of the app we need to see uh in that video and all the videos all the clips of that phone needs to be POV shot down looking at it. So, we really get really granular on the video that we're looking for. You know, super strict on this has to be within this range because creators aren't like that, but they have guard rails to follow. Uh, and then they know the expectations of what we expect. >> Yeah. Yeah. These are very clear creator briefs. And then it shows you the angles, too. So, first you show, make sure you do trending sounds with, you know, these metrics. Make sure you do a type of hook. make it, you know, 10 to 15 seconds, two or more shots per second. >> Yeah. >> Um, and then you go into the angles. So, like you can make this video about a morning routine, an evening routine, wellness, mindset, vlogs, and then you kind of like give the whole like package too like Yeah. for like a morning evening routine angle. You'd start with a hook, then do the habits, and then kind of show. So, this is an example, right? >> Exactly. And and even we had we had um we even paid someone to um basically scroll through Tik Tok and give us a list of all the trending songs at the beginning of every week >> and all of these were just regularly updated. So the likelihood of the trend or the thing catching would just >> you know catch more and more. >> Ah and then here's your >> Yeah. So we would have like creative hooks and captions and things like this. And this is just you know teaching the content creator like what it is because some of them are oblivious to it. Well, they were back then. Everything now is just way more dialed in. Everyone knows a lot of the tricks and the secrets, I would say, now. Um, so it's hard to come up with a lot of unique ideas that haven't already been ran. >> Yeah. Curiosity based hooks, empathetic hooks, reflective hooks. Yeah. I feel like you're right. Like a lot of creators just kind of they don't really break it down into this framework, but they just kind of know in their head like you've done so many hooks so many times that you kind of just start to figure out >> Yes. >> how to do that. >> Yeah. Exactly. And like part of the in-house university that that we had with the content creators was like you come to us, you learn how to make content ads that go viral and then you can work with kind of any other company you want and price way higher, guarantee better return on investment. Cuz a lot of the things a lot of content creators they come to you with, they're pretty oblivious to the metrics that the business are targeting. They just kind of want to make a video and then just let it be done. But if they truly get their the numbers and the understanding of what makes a video good under their skin, then when they work with bigger brands and bigger content uh bigger like companies, they can charge more money and they actually deliver genuine ROI that the bigger companies are willing to pay a lot more money for. >> Uh and and you kind of have to go through this graduation. This is with every kind of, you know, job or work that you do. But, um, I don't think there's not enough people really talk about that transition phase from being like an early content creator with maybe a thousand 2,000 followers to, um, being a content creator that can convert really well on ads or organic posts. >> Interesting. I want to talk about the the creator strategy, too. So, you had like how many creators did you have? probably about 250 250 total. >> Okay. >> We probably cycled through maybe like five, six, 700 total, but we ended up, you know, the the ones that would almost regularly work with us was about a 250 batch. >> Is there a certain type of creator in terms of demographics or follower accounts or things that they say in the interview, anything like that? >> Yeah. Yeah. thought accounts was never a priority really for us. If anything, it was the lower follower counts the better. Um because the big thing we we we kind of coined here was we don't want to work with influencers. Uh we want to work with content creators. We hire you to make an ad for us or a video for us. We're not paying for your, you know, influence uh that you have in terms of follow account. And that really helped with positioning this as like a a business relationship to make content and videos for us. Yeah. Interesting. What what range of like follower count is would you would you look at? >> Yeah. Optimal was like 2,000 followers to like 15 20,000 followers. Um because that's where they've showed enough, you know, craft uh skill for their trade that they have made a following or they know how the Tik Tok algorithm works in some capacity or they've just been disciplined and committed to making content over a longer period of time. Um and seeing that is is like a great green flag. Um the next layers is just once you early work with them, you give them a effectively like a test task, a probational task to make you, you know, a basic day in the life of video and can you follow these guidelines. And then the third stage is like can they deliver it on time? And if you find someone who does all three of those, you found someone you could probably work with for a couple of months at least. Um maybe years, some some content creators we worked with for years and eventually they end up getting full-time jobs at the company and everything. So, it really can be like a great gateway to to to doing a lot more with with the company just by showing up and following the instructions. >> Yeah, that's really that's really cool. A lot of it is like somewhat common sense stuff, but just the way that you were so hyper intentional with every single step. Like I feel like not everyone puts this much effort into a creative brief and giving all the examples, giving the frameworks, all the step by step. And if they follow this like to the tea, then it'll, you know, they'll make good videos. Um, but then it's a kind of up to them and you're still going to get some variability. Uh, but like the fact that you have this brief, it kind of like sets the standard. >> Yeah. And I think we were quite open and forward with that when we first were bringing on content creators. We were like, look, this is this is not just a a one-off uh video. This is a long-term relationship we want to work with you on, and we're so committed to doing that. we're going to teach you our secret sources of how we're making these viral videos at that time period, right? And and they were really appreciative of that. And also because they were then working with us on a regular basis, they had regular income. And content creators find it hard to constantly do the sales part to constantly get new work. And it would be great if they just had a regular partner that they could get a guarantee x amount of uh you know, revenue sales from by making x amount of number of videos per month. and and we wanted to give them that to basically train them up and make us videos so that we could then uh run more ads. >> So when you initially reach out to them, are you reaching out with email or are you just sending a DM? >> Uh combination. Yeah, we just do uh DM or email if they've got access to it. Um just a very simple message, you know, here's all the videos that we've made. We would love you to help us make more of these videos. Here's all the testimonials. We even had like our own landing page dedicated for content creators. So um kind of like you have a landing page to sell someone you know a B2B product or you know whatever. We had our own landing page for content creators. So >> we had our own content creators give testimonials of what it was like working with us. Um >> right >> everything along those lines. Um because you're also trying to pitch to them to come work for you and do some work for you. So if they see from the beginning everything looks professional and organized, they're also going to be professional and organized with you. You would hope >> that makes sense. So you you worked with 500 creators and two of 250 of them were, you know, a little bit more long-term, but you must so you must have reached out to thousands of creators. Like how how how many did you have to reach out to? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Probably probably thousands of creators. Um, I'd say maybe let's say if we put an actual number on it, we probably had like 2,000 just over 2,000 creators on the books and then let's say 10% of those become like people that you regularly work with. But then I would say maybe one to five 1 to 2% of those are like the viral sensations that uh you're going to want to always work with every single video. Content creators now are getting more savvy. Um, they are getting better at it. So the conversion rate from reaching out to someone to get them to make a viral video for you is probably going up as people get better at making content and understand the algorithm a bit better. >> Yeah. So like what is the deal structure in the beginning? Like I I like if they're if they're really viral and you're spark adding that is probably changes the deal structure, but in the beginning are you just like paying per video? >> Yes. So we had a flat rate per video. um that flat rate per video went up uh depending on how many viral videos or good videos they made for us. So, the more reliable they were at making viral content, the more we would pay them. At the time, we did have some bonus uh additional prices that we added on, but I know the game has changed a little bit now where people are now just only paying for performance-based only like CPM models. Uh which I I do understand. Um, I think content creators just it can take an hour or two sometimes for these content creators to make the videos. So, sometimes giving them the money to make the video upfront, you know, they made the video than you pay them, but you pay them a fixed fee for that video. And then you incentivize them to make better videos by giving them a bonus or or a raise, let's call it, the more better videos they make for you. kept more loyalty and kept people with us long term uh because they feel like they're getting paid for their their work as [snorts] opposed to hoping they get paid if the video works. And you know, if they're not super qualified, they're not the best content creators in the world, they don't get the highest fee for their single video. But if they're way more qualified and they have experience, they've been doing it for a while, they get a higher cost per video because we can guarantee that it's more likely to create a return for us as well. >> Makes sense. What's the like baseline starting out per video fee that you'd recommend? >> So, I think it's somewhere in the range of like $30 to $40 uh for like the lower tier and then it can go upwards to 80, 90, $100 for like more reliable uh content videos that being made. >> Mhm. And then would you give bonuses based on uh the ad performance or like the initial organic performance? >> A bit of both. I think we would give like a, you know, a flat fee. If it get hits a certain amount of views, like 50k or 100k views or more, they would just get like a flat rate. And then if the video really took off with ads, we kind of already know how much money that video made for us. So, we would throw them, you know, couple hundred extra dollars, $500, $1,000 maybe if like it really started working because you want to keep the content creator on your side. You want to keep them energized to work with you. and you know they've created an amazing video for you so you should do that for them as well. >> Yeah, totally. We were talking about Reflectly and the habits app mostly. Were were there any other like really standout apps within the portfolio that had some interesting results? >> Yeah. So, um one of the largest apps that we acquired is called the mindfulness app. The mindfulness app is the largest uh meditation app in Scandinavia in the Nordics. I think it was actually the oldest mindfulness app on the market. I think it was started in I want to say 2010 2012 something along those lines. And this was like another pillar of health and fitness that we wanted to add to the portfolio. We had journaling, we had habit tracking, we had fasting, uh we had uh money tracking, um calendar apps, productivity, and we were missing like mindfulness app um to kind of round off the portfolio. And this is the one that we acquired. And the engagement on this is insane. the average revenue per user is is really really high as it's just like such a loyal fan base of users over such a long period of time. And now yeah the next phase of growth for this is is expanding into a B2B model uh and seeing if we can kind of work a lot more with with uh corporations on on mindfulness in the workspace. >> Is that kind of a a big goal for a lot of health and wellness apps where you're trying to get those like big B2B enterprise contracts? >> Yeah. So there's a very uh sim similar road map that a lot of these uh health and fitness and mindfulness and these kind of apps kind of move along which is you effectively hit you go as far as you can where you eventually sort of hit a ceiling or the bite point of where ads make sense and your growth makes sense against like organic performance and you can either a try and raise a bunch of money and just try squeeze it harder but not as profitably or you try to create a whole new revenue line which is moving to B2B cuz if you a B2B contract. Uh, you know, it could be a couple of hundred,000. Um, and then that could be over a three, four, five year time horizon because a lot of these B2B corporation contracts are like once you you're past the KYC and, you know, accounting and you they they've approved you and you've got through the all the stakeholders, uh, you're it you're locked in and then that can be a 5year contract, which is a lot more than trying to get one person in for like an annual subscription all the time. >> Um, it is a longer lead time. It can take six to 12 months to get one contract, but one contract could be, you know, a quarter of your revenue uh in the year if played well. And you do have to build a bit more technology to make it more relatable and custom for these larger could be insurance companies, health companies, accounting firms, like whoever needs these these sort of services. But then eventually you realize like if if I can if I have a consistent model of converting these B2B leads longterm, it's probably less stressful and I make more money and I deal with less people. You know, you're just kind of dealing with like the the main stakeholders of of of the B2B customer, but it is a there is a windup time of like maybe 12 to 18 months to get going. >> It's a whole different game, but it's pretty wild. Like six figure, fiveyear contracts is like pretty crazy. Yeah. What do the companies look for in apps? >> A lot of them are trying to make sure that there is a uh a clear sort of ROI on you know if we provide this amount of subscriptions. So if you're a company of you know 10,000 employees and you have a prepackaged subscription for the mindfulness app uh you know there's a huge discount on the yearly subscription that you're giving everybody. But if you can then track the performance of let's so for example in the mindfulness app we have like a stress test and people do a stress test before and then they do a stress test at different periods throughout the year and if the overall company can see that they have paid x amount of money to create a 10 20 30% decrease in the average stress levels of people in the company that you can manifest itself into um healthier company a more positive looking company that creates more revenue as well. They're really looking for can we really see the the data from when we first start it to a year two years down the line and where is our company mindset at for example with this product in that time frame and that's hopefully our app's job to to solve that problem for them. >> Yeah, I remember when I was working in corporate they would give like a stipen like a yearly stipen and they would give you like 60% off or something like that to anything that was health related. So it seems like these companies just want their employees to be healthy and not get burnt out. >> Yeah. And you know I think with us now working from home after co like all these different layers. Um people you know with AI and everything like that as well like people's level of stress is is is evolving. It's changing not maybe what they used to be. So companies are trying to adapt more digital solutions as well to provide that to their employees. Speaking of B2B, you are now like you sold your company um and you're starting a B2B company now, which is pretty interesting. Could you walk me through the story of like the acquisition a little bit and then also talk about what you're what you're up to now? >> Running a portfolio of mobile apps. Um my day-to-day was just consumed by looking across all these different data platforms. Let's say I was going to App Store Connect, Google Play, Revenue Cat, Ads Managers, Facebook, Tik Tok, all these different platforms. And I was taking all that information, putting it into maybe like a spreadsheet or into a database. And I trying to figure out like what is the next steps here? Uh what should I do? There's so much so much data. Oh, so much so much noise. Where is the signal? And so we decided to build float. So flo 1.0 takes all that data, puts it into one location. Um and then you ask any question and you get insights and opport growth opportunities on what to do next. And what's great about that is flow 2.0 O will take all of those opportunities and we are creating AI employees for your mobile app. So think ASO agent, ASA agent, monitoring agent, forecasting agent. We will create these different employees that will do the operational load that it takes to run your mobile app. >> I like this phrasing here. It's like like chat GBT, but for apps, you're just kind of like yeah, anything you could think of to improve uh or analyze. You're just you can you can use a chat interface and just it'll you know it's like connected to all your tools. So you can just kind of like ask it like what's wrong and then you go and like tell it to like fix it or like improve. >> Yeah. Because because I think the future is we don't think there's not a world where AI agents are not in your mobile app doing work for you. I think if you just look at the way the market is going, way AI is going, it's going to be like connecting Google Analytics to your website. You're going to connect Flo to your mobile app and then in the background while you sleep, it's just going to grow your app. It's going to find problems. It's going to make sure that they're fixed. It's going to price perfectly in 180 countries. It's going to adapt all of your custom product pages instantly. It's going to do your ASO across all these places. You know, it's just going to operate the whole thing. And I think this is the next evolution of mobile apps. We've seen, you know, 2015 to 2020 era with apps and maybe some no code stuff and Facebook ads. And then 2020 to 2025 it was like we were buying loads of apps. We were running a lot of portfolios. We were doing Tik Tok ads. we were using. Then AI started coming in and now 2025 to 2030 I think is going to be the years of AI agents in mobile apps. >> M yeah makes sense to me. Yeah, like agents Yeah, I feel like agents are taking over like a lot of different functions. Um but yeah, that this this is really interesting. Can you tell me about the acquisition story too? Like you you sold your portfolio. >> Yeah. Yeah. So we we we got rid of uh about 80 90% of the mobile apps. Um part of that was just uh loads you know uh I was focusing a lot on on float.com and couldn't also operate you know 20 30 mobile apps as well. Uh so it made sense to centralize all the focus and build uh like a B2B platform for mobile apps because we are mobile app operators ourselves and we faced all of these pains of growing scaling operating buying and selling. So we wanted to build the the solution for all mobile apps for the next sort of five to 10 years. So the the story is um the company actually you were briefly you were briefly already on their app store account before um because Kodon is the um is our is the buyer of our of our apps here but they bought a majority of our apps and I think the story is which I I'll I'll resay this but I think the story is they used to work in gaming and a lot of people from gaming are moving over to consumer and applying all of their skills of growing gaming products into consumer. like being way more data driven um operationally more efficient and I think they saw a really good opportunity with the bundle approach and all of the performance previous past performance of Reflectly and Darn and uh we fast and health view as products um that they could be a better steward of scaling these apps to the next level. >> Yeah, that makes sense. Like gaming is uh adjacent. It's like kind of similar. Is it like mobile gaming? Yeah. So, yeah, I think they were in I think it was mobile gaming or was it was a form of gaming for sure. They were very successful in that, but now obviously consumerbased apps are sort of taking over uh from from gaming now. Um it's it's just so hard to keep people's attention on games these days like how many games are coming to market and how many games last very long period of time. At least with consumer apps, they're solving generally a gen a problem especially if it's like health and fitness or productivity. it's like a time thing or a life improvement thing that people were happy to come back to year after year. Uh which is also a lot more reliable and trackable revenue over a longer period of time. Uh so I think that that's why a lot of games prefer to come over and take the subscription model here than rely on you know AdSense or the other revenue streams that games rely on more so over there. >> That's really interesting cuz I feel like a lot of mobile founders look at games and they're like wow that's a cash cow. like I want to be Clash of Clans or I want to be like >> match three, but >> th those are kind of like at the top. Like it seems like >> Yeah, as a whole people are probably bombarded with a lot of mobile games and maybe the opportunity is in like just other like regular consumer apps now. >> Yeah, exactly. Um and I think consumer apps still have a ways to go. It's definitely a different world than it was 5 years ago. I think the way that AI is coming to play to actually launch grow apps and you know use flow to to scale apps, it's really kind of entering a new era. Um and and I think that means that you know there's going to be a whole lot more competition for keywords. There almost needs to be like a new app store release like with Chad GBT or something um to give new apps a fair whack at trying to compete cuz it's going to be so hard now to knock, you know, the top apps in a in a category off the top spot now. you're not going to come in and just move calm or uh move uh Google or Tik Tok like or any kind of habit tracker that's been there for sort of 10 10 years already. Um and that's what's really hard. It's like the distribution game is now becoming more more important. So, how do you capture an audience effectively before you even launch your mobile app? And I think I saw one of your videos recently on how how how they're doing that now of like prototyping uh mobile apps before they go to market and run some ads to test if the the value proposition is strong enough. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think that was the Roger uh Roger Chen video. People should check that out. But yeah, and you gave a great distribution playbook as well with the um with the with the ads and organic combines with creators. It's really interesting. But yeah, Ryan, thanks. Thanks. so much for being on the pod. I learned a ton today. And um yeah, I'll put your links in the description. People can find you on Twitter. >> Yes, Twitter. Hello, Ryan J. Or LinkedIn. LinkedIn you can find me, Ryan Thorp on LinkedIn. >> Cool. Great talking to you. >> Amazing. Thanks for being >> Joseph. Byebye. >> Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord, sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So you can apply to join consumer club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwwell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwwell.com. We have more videos on the channel. So dig into those to learn from app founders who are willing to share super tactical stuff about app growth.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [12/28] We can explain how to test & experiment with paywalls in less than 60 seconds #ios #appmarketing
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfzjKd7ydbI
Words: 230

as a product one of super Wall's core philosophies is that it should be easy for anyone to test pay walls I'm going to show you an example of that right here so I've got a caffeine tracking app and I've set up a campaign let's go ahead and take a look at it I've got two pay walls right now 50% of users will get the one on the left 50% of users should get the one on the right I'll go ahead and run my app here with super walls SDK integrated and I'll go ahead and take a pro action which for us is logging caffeine since I'm not pro I'll get a pay wall and there we go looks like I've got this one over here on the left now let's imagine this one on the right is performing a lot better we really want to double down on that one for this campaign well you can do that without any app update we'll just say 0% of people should get this one 100% of people should get that pay wall now when I run the app again we should see that I'm going to get the new pay wall the one on the right so we'll go ahead and do that take a pro action and sure enough I've got the new pay wall That's

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [13/28] This 20yr old girl is a marketing genius
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsJNJfFeOCg
Duration: 23:28
Words: 4,935

And my very first tweet where I kind of announced my arrival already had like 20 likes, which is nothing, but that's a lot more than most people on X cuz most people stay in like one, two, three likes jail. But my very first tweet already had some sort of traction. We made a LinkedIn post about it and we had over I would say maybe 2,500 applications. I guess my strategy for marketing or just producing content is to just try do the opposite of what people are doing right now. >> How do you manage a content person? >> I think you just got to >> I think we're all sensing this. The secret to blowing up your startup is not your product, your funding, your connections. It's actually just finding the right cracked 20-year-old Tik Tocker. Meet Ununice Lie, the college student who became the CMO of a viral startup, Series, racked over 3 million impressions across LinkedIn and Twitter, created not one, not two, but three viral launch videos for Series, and is famous for, well, let's say unconventional marketing techniques. You see, Ununice didn't just go viral by accident. She's the genius behind some of the most unconventional marketing tactics you've seen. from turning Hinge conversations into Twitter content that millions of people couldn't stop talking about to hosting events during New York Tech Week that pulled in over 3,000 RSVPs. Not only that, but her personal Instagram reels have hit over 2 million views. And she's created such a buzz around startups that investors are literally sliding into her DMs, begging to help them out. So, in today's episode, we're going to go deep into the minds of the exact type of person every startup is hunting for. You'll learn the unconventional strategies that made Ununice the poster child for Gen Z marketing genius. How she built a pipeline from college campuses to tech success and most importantly how you can spot and hire the next Ununice for your own company. Let's dive in. >> I guess the first thing I'm curious about is how did the whole Hinge thing start? >> I only really joined the tech startup world this summer and Twitter X is where you have to be. It's the hub for where everyone is talking about the latest news and just sharing information, right? So, while I was working at series, we were just saying like we have to find our way onto this platform. And I actually had a really old Twitter account that I made in 2016, but I've never posted on it. And my very first tweet where I kind of announced my arrival already had like 20 likes, which is nothing, but that's a lot more than most people on X cuz most people stay in like one, two, three likes jail. But my very first tweet already had some sort of traction. So I just started off tweeting like build in public because that seemed to be the trend. But because that's the trend, no one really notices what you're doing. At this time I was in New York, right? And it was my first time being single during the summer. So I was like, "Okay, I'm going to get on Hinge and have some fun with it." And in my Hinge bio for a job, it says like startup. So people would always ask like, "What kind of startup do you work at?" it because if people are very interested in these unconventional careers, right? So then I'll be playful with it. So instead of just telling them the startups, I'll be like, "Oh, the first AI social network or I'll just drop hints." This is the very first tweet that I made based off Hinge. So this person ended up searching me up and he said, "Series is cool." And as the marketing growth person, my number one priority is converting users. So I just give him a cheeky. So you're trying to become a user. And I think this tweet in particular blew off because people found the fact that I named him Jason Bracket Hinge super duper funny because I'm like reducing him to a hinge date or something like that. And I think um there's just a running joke about like you know you would do anything for users because this tweet went like pretty viral in my eyes. I actually went on a date with this guy and I physically turned him into a user. I walked him through the entire onboarding process and yeah watched him become a user right in front of me. So yeah, I didn't like want it to be too overt. So we just had a really good time. We actually talked about life and ambitions and stuff before I popped the question at the end of the day. >> Popped the question. The user conversion question. That's funny. Yeah. Like when you put it that way, it kind of reminds me of just the sort of like app content on short form meta where you need to hook the user with something and like tell a story basically and then at the end if you have the CTA, it's like, oh, this was an ad, but then like it doesn't really matter cuz the user enjoyed watching the video and then they got served an ad at the end, but they were entertained along the way. Do you have other formats that you feel like you kind of applied that formula to? So, one thing that my content friends and I have identified is that people do really enjoy the dayby-day format because people they're very curious, right? Like they want to see if you can actually attain your goal. So, they will follow you to follow this journey. >> Like the challenge format, I feel like people are really into that. I feel like every startup founder is looking for something like this or something like you to >> tell the story. >> Yeah. In the mindset of a founder, you're kind of just like, okay, I either need to learn how to do this myself or I need to hire a Ununice or a Rajan or like what are you supposed to do as a startup and you see the traction, you see like this works, but then you just don't know how to get into this. >> Honestly, everyone should give a shot. All founders should give a shot at building their own personal brand because an advice that someone once gave me is that your personal brand stays with you forever, but the company will come and go. So even as a founder, this might not be the only startup you ever do in your life. So it's really important to build your own personal brand that people can follow throughout your entire career. But big creators are really good at building your own brand, but that doesn't necessarily translate to being able to build someone else's brand. So you have to be careful of that. >> I feel like you were almost trained as a creator on making brand content. >> I've made content for a very long time because I actually have a film background. So, I did this for fun. I know how to make cinematic content, but I definitely trained myself to make content in the perspective of a company or a brand to tell their story. >> I feel like the tables have turned completely. It's like it used to be like, oh, you're the social media intern at a startup and you're like kind of bottom of the totem pole and now it's like the social media intern is basically the CMO. Like that's how you get distribution these days. So, from your perspective, like what makes you want to work at a startup? So, I was just always into the startup world. I was part of a startup fraternity at my school, Sigma Pi. So, I was surrounded by a lot of like like-minded people who are looking to get into the space. And while I was applying to my regular corporate internships, I was also keeping my eyes out for like startup positions. So, I would say my start at my original company was that I made a cinematic launch video for them, which helped them raise their $3 million because it went viral within the VC world. And that really gave me the leverage that I needed to look for other jobs. >> So after series, and I'm sure there were a lot of people trying to hire you, what was wrong with the pitches that you ignored or that you said no to? >> I think it's because when they reach out to me, they're not really innovating either. They're just looking to me for ideas. So I would get a lot of LinkedIn DMs saying like, "Hey Unice, can you join our team and help us come up with a viral format like the TV show you came up with?" Yes, that would be my job to help come up with that format. But I think it's very clear when a founder isn't really putting thought into how they want to approach it when they just come to you saying like, "Okay, I want my own version of a TV show." Rather than saying like, "Okay, my target audience is this and that." I think they might appreciate a campaign like this because they love watching Love Island, so let's see how we can spin up our own version of this, you know? So that kind of pitch has more thought behind the their users and I think that also reflects on the company and the products. >> That's actually kind of a gold nugget there. I feel like a lot of startups, they just look at virality and they're like, "Oh, I want that." But then they don't really think about it. It's a collaboration. You need to have a product and you need to have the marketing, but then you also need like a connection between the product and marketing. like there needs to be a reason why the marketing is being done for that specific product. So you recently started working at this new startup. What was that pitch like? Like what made you want to work on this project? >> Ser is actually built by my closest friends from Carnegie Melon. So they've seen me through my entire journey this summer. They've been watching and they've been working on their own things and I just really strongly resonate with their mission. And I think this is the best opportunity for me to be able to work with my best friends on something that I really care about. And it's so rare to be able to do that. I'm just lucky that this kind of fell into my laps. And the timing worked out pretty well for me, too. >> I feel like people like everyone wants to get into the mind of Gen Z. It's like what do zoomers care about? They just it's just vibes, right? Like zoomers just they just want to build cool with their friends. I feel like that's the classic line that I've been seeing for the past like couple years. Sounds like for you it's just fun. like you just want to work with your friends. It's sort of just the vibe. >> Yeah, I agree. I think I'm lucky to grow up in an environment where my parents support me, whatever I do. And actually, my dad had his own stint in startups back in the 2000s. He was a direct competitor with Trip.com. He grew his company to 50 employees before they ran out of money and had to sell to them. So, my dad really understands what it's like to be in a small startup. And I did get some offers from other startups which pay like two times, three times more than I'm getting paid at SER, but I think I'm still really young, right? I have all the time in the world to make as much money as I want. So when a good vibe opportunity like this comes around, I have to take it and give it a crack. And honestly, I truly believe that this can be a generational product. We're in a way trying to bring back Facebook but for our generation. The big motto that we have at Sa is that people's desires, their main drivers of motivation in life is to understand and be understood. >> I love the return to like wholesome social media movement. It's like definitely needed. For those of you who don't know, this interview is brought to you by Superwall, the all-in-one platform for payw wall management and revenue analytics for your mobile apps. Let's get right into it. I want to just recap the the whole like cringe saga. So, you have all these tweets that went viral and they did really well on tech Twitter. I feel like >> this was an interesting I guess you could call it almost like a campaign like a marketing campaign or like a content series. It wasn't just like one way where you're just making content and people are reacting to it. It was very like reflexive. you're almost like making this content and then you like see how people respond to it and then other people kind of start participating in it or they're literally trying to find you on Hinge in whatever city you're in. Like could you just kind of walk through like that whole journey of like doing the Hinge series and interacting with people on Twitter and then like the Hinge to Twitter flywheel? >> I think you're correct in saying that it's very reflective of the culture because none of this content is fabricated. I don't fake these conversations. These are real conversations that happen which shows that this is the real community. This is what this is what the SMX tech community looks like outside of their main domain. And like it's pretty funny, right? Like in terms of baiting, there were people who would like they'll set a trap for me. They'll ask me like, "What's your startup?" And once I respond, they're like, "Aha, I got you." And I'm like, "This is like a little bit this is so interesting." But I think people come on to hinge with the expectations that like there's probably not that much that will come out of it. So I just kind of continue on with this little campaign. I never mean to make any of these tweets maliciously. I just think it's a really fun insight into how people are acting. It's pretty funny cuz I was in New York, but I was really playing into the personification of a SF email and people really enjoyed watching that happen. >> That's interesting. Yeah. It's almost like a whole archetype and like character. You're yourself and you're having like actual conversations, but you definitely leaned into it. That's cool. >> I think you have to like you kind of have to full send the persona, right? If you only put a foot in the door, then people are going to be able to tell that okay, maybe this is not your true self and you're trying too hard, right? But if you really like put your entire brand/personality into it, the smart people can realize that, okay, this is a smart persona they're putting on. They know what they're doing and at the same time they're able to like play along with it. >> Yeah. The more creators I meet, the more I realize this is true. It's like you take one like one small aspect of your personality that is true. It's like truly authentic, but then you just play it up to the max. >> Like the difference is that on the internet you are in a crowd of like a hundred people. So you have to like play up your personality to make yourself stand out. But in person, you're having a one-to-one interaction and that's when it's easier to show who you are as a complete person. >> And then what was this like? What happened here with Jonathan? Like he he was building a dating product and then he found you on Hinge. Like what happened with that? >> He wanted to build his own dating platform, which is Cupid. And it just happened that that was when I was going viral for being on Hinge. So the natural progression is that it makes sense that I'm part of his video. So, he reached out to me asking, "Could I put you in a video?" And he also asked me for permission to use my puppy as bait because a week before this launch video came out, my dog died and I posted about it on Twitter. He asked me for permission about it. So, the reason why his video went viral is cuz one, he used a very trending topics slashperson in the video, right? Like, everyone knows me as the person lurking on Hinge. And then two, the comment that he left on my post was very outrageous. Like, you don't talk about someone's dead pet. People would comment on that and that just causes more engagement, more outrage. As much as I hate it sometimes, but outrage and absurdity causes virality. >> I feel like some people might see this like why would Ununice participate in this like in the whole like Twitter hinge dating meta? like he was building a product, but did he have viral posts or anything before this? >> Before the Cupidly launched, he had maybe two or three thousand followers, but he's been like an early engager in my tweets, I guess. I didn't really mind it too much. And in general, I separate my personal feelings from my online persona quite well. So, first of all, I thought it was a pretty interesting concept. And, you know, the pitch is pretty good, right? like, "Okay, I'm making this video that you're going to be a part of, and I think it'll go viral, so that benefits both of us." And I just am not really afraid of the backlash, I guess. So, I was able to just say, "Yeah, sure. I don't mind being a part of your launch video." >> I feel like this is a good lesson in almost like borrowing clout. Like, if you see someone going viral and you're like FOMOing and you're like, "Oh, how do I do that?" The lesson here is you can just be part of it. you were going viral for this niche and he had been studying you reply guying on your Twitter and he recognized that oh I could just collab and that'll help both of us you know this video got like 1.5 million views tagged you in like the center of the tweet so you got more attention from this and the door startup did as well everyone kind of won from this >> if it makes sense for these two parties to collab then I think you'll do very well as opposed to you just see someone with a lot of clout out and you have nothing to do with them, but you want to borrow their clout, it's just not going to have the same effect at all. >> Okay, let's talk about reels. So, your initial reels were sort of more classic like vertical video and I think you sort of like had this cinematic style, but I feel like you're starting to switch up the style a little bit. Do you think horizontal video on like a vertical video platforms is actually like the new thing? So, if you scroll down and click onto, let's say the one with the camera. This was just like a minute and a half video of me talking. It doesn't have that many likes. It only has 35,000 views, but it actually converted to, I think, between like 200 or 250 followers, which is actually a very high conversion rate for Instagram. I think the reason why this did really well is because it's different, right? Like, everyone is making vertical videos with loud text and these like really rage baity hooks. So when they finally see a less edited video that's a horizontal format and it's just, you know, a minute 30 seconds of someone just talking about their lives, the people realize that, okay, this is something different and this might be something that I want to follow along. I guess my strategy for marketing or just producing content is to just try do the opposite of what people are doing right now. But, you know, still maintain some of the methods that are guaranteed to work. I do still have my hooks, but the format of the content itself is the opposite of what's popular right now. >> Yeah. Like you still have hooks in a lot of these >> videos, but then the style of the overall video is like >> calm. But I feel like once people kind of catch on to the calmness and it's like, "Oh, wait. Actually, this is like a real human. It's kind of authentic." That's the original retention editing, right? It's just like normal authentic content where they feel like they're connecting with the person. Are there any other styles that you feel like are what's the next meta like besides the the calm meta is almost a prediction in itself. It's not quite become like the full mainstream yet, but >> any other trends you're like looking out for? I'm really curious to see how the attention economy trend will continue. A lot of these social media interns are going back to school. So, how are these startups going to sustain these loud and crazy campaigns? So, that's something I'm like keeping track of. Like maybe Cle will be the only people doing it. I feel like the whole team is young, so they're able to like continue with that. But these other startups that hire younger people, I'm I'm curious how they're going to keep up with it. I guess some trends that I see emerging like gorilla marketing tactics, right? Like there's this summer a lot of people have been gifting each other donuts, gifting each other doormats and it's like a very sweet way of gaining exposure. Everyone's going to post about this kind act that you do and that gets your name out there. >> That's classic actually. That makes so much sense. I guess that's always been a thing in sales. Like I feel like a lot of like enterprise sales people like understand this concept of like oh you got to give your clients gifts and stuff but I feel like that whole tactic is amplified by social media >> and it's like well documented in like psychology right so I study decision science so something we talk about a lot is social proof and if one person post about it everyone's just going to follow along for example when I did the series Hampton's campaign I had a bunch of interns race for a spot in the TV show and you know I I don't think students really like to post on LinkedIn but once I had like one or two people posting about it everyone became really comfortable posting about it too. So then like two days we had over a hundred interns post a banner writing a whole paragraph about um how excited they are to be part of this journey like what entrepreneurship means to them. >> Yeah, LinkedIn is so unsaturated. I feel like people love to make fun of LinkedIn, but if people are making fun of the content on a platform, that's a good thing. Like that means that the content is bad, so you can just make good content and stand out on the platform. >> I think LinkedIn is such a undervalued channel for students at least. I think this summer we've definitely seen a lot of students learning to take advantage of it, but it's still relatively uncharted territories and I think it's so beneficial to just start building a brand on LinkedIn. I would say the highest value followers you can have are probably LinkedIn followers. >> That makes sense. I mean, that's where the money is. You know, it's valuable. It's worth learning. This kind of reminds me of Monad. If you look into this, they release these like cards and you have to claim it with your Twitter account, but not everyone has one. So, then you have to get an invite from someone who nominates you. Was there an element to that with this as well where you have to get an invite or did you like hand select the interns? >> We hand selected them. We made a LinkedIn post about it and a LinkedIn job and we had over I would say maybe 2,500 applications. >> Oh wow. >> And I just personally texted a lot of them inviting them to join the series race. >> So initially it was 12, but then there's just so many applications that you just did 100. Is that like what >> No, no, no. So, the show did only have 12 interns. But in my head, I was like, that would be such a waste to just pick 12 people and just continue on with it. So, why don't we make it a little competition, right? Like, use all the channels that you can have. We had a bunch of people sign up for it. I think we had 150 people join the race to the Hamptons and then one of the final challenges for the race was to invite as many people as you can. The first place person actually invited 120 people in one day. I just thought like just use all the opportunities you can get to increase exposure and that's just through being a bit creative with it. >> Let's reverse it and like actually what would your parting words be to startup founders that want to get good at social media or find a cracked college student who's good at social media. >> When looking for them, just look at the potential, right? See their ability to turn a boring topic into an engaging story, right? like they don't have to have a million followers right off the bat because if they have the skills to tell a story, they're going to be able to bring in the attention and cult following that you need. >> I think that's a common question that I get a lot from founders actually. It's like how do you manage a content person? Are you supposed to be prescriptive so that you know that the content is actually and the marketing is actually getting results? Do you have KPIs? You have metrics or do you just let them do their own thing and sort of outsource the creativity? What's your perspective on that? Like is there a middle ground or is it one or the other? >> I think it depends on the creator. Like if they're like a seasoned creator, right? Like they've built accounts from the ground up before. I think you just got to trust them, right? Cuz the more you prescribe them like a formula, the more you prescribe them things to do, the less creative they feel. Like creative burnout is very real, especially for content creators because it's quite hard to milk out so many stories from a singular concept, right? So if you put more pressure on them, they're not going to be able to execute as well as they're able to. It's just like virality is a very interesting thing, right? It's part strategy, part luck, right? So at least in my perspective, I think the KPIs that you can set would be like they're going to have to be more qualitative than quantitative because you can't set like a okay, this particular video has to get a million likes. No one can ever guarantee that. Even a content creator with a million followers, right? But what you can say is like okay video has to be able to talk about the brand identity of this company and the information that users take away from it should be XYZ and then from there you guys work together to build the quality of the videos. You can only really get your quantitative KPIs once you have some data points. >> That makes sense. So kind of like have your marketing person understand what the goals are and like who the user is, who the market is, >> and then from there kind of just let them let them cook. >> Yeah. Basically, let them cook. You got to trust them. You got to trust them. >> Okay. Thanks so much. This is really great. I learned a lot. >> Thank you. >> If you like that episode, this is the Super Wall podcast. It's a mobile apps podcast about growth tactics and distribution hacks. So, there's more episodes on this channel if you want to check them

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [14/28] He Built a Simple $120k/Yr App, Then Sold It For Multiple 6 Figures!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmIHgCRd04E
Duration: 23:46
Words: 5,643

When it comes to exiting, people who are so obsessed with trying to get the highest price ever. I would rather take like the third highest price if they can be like, "Yo, we can close to in the next four, five days." This is like a masterass in like Rage Bay. Someone needs to create a Bible survival game. Praise Screen was the first focus app for Christians and then gave it like 2 3 months and then there's like 70 listings now. Or call that Bible focus. Is there any like common advice that you feel like if everyone knew starting out it would kind of accelerate their progress? >> Two things I see. Number one, everyone wants to become like Blake Anderson or Zach and all that kind of stuff. I always told people, yo, like >> while most people are struggling to build their first successful app, this guy just sold his fourth one. Preycreen is an app that makes you pray before unlocking your phone and it hit 120K AR in 6 months and got acquired within a week of him tweeting about it. The craziest thing is this wasn't beginner's luck. This is a system. This is Lots. And he's cracked the code on building viral consumer apps that actually make money. I'm talking about apps that hit number one in the app store, generate millions of views on Tik Tok, and get acquired by buyers sliding into his DMs. The best part of all this is that he doesn't try to invent the next big thing. He just finds what's already working and then makes it better for underserved markets. One example is Preycreen. He saw apps like 1se sec making 100k a month by forcing users to breathe for 3 seconds before opening Instagram. So he built the same exact thing but for Christians and suddenly he had people praying four times a day with 60% retention on day 30. So today I'm excited because you're about to get the complete playbook from someone who's built and exited multiple apps. You'll learn how to spot viral content formats before they get too saturated. Why he targets Twitter followers of celebrity pastors to get two cent app installs. exactly why he optimizes for speed over maximum price to consistently turn apps into six figure checks. I think this conversation will completely change how you think about app building, marketing, and the art of the quick win. Let's dive in. For those who don't know, this interview is brought to you by Superwall, the all-in-one platform for paywall management, and revenue analytics for your mobile apps. Let's get into it. So, you sold Prey Street. Just tell us the story of of how you did this. I think Facebook first launched December 2024 and then we were able to scale it quickly using obviously UGC on Tik Tok and we found like a hook that that really worked out for us. I think we run it for like maybe five 6 months got it to like 120k and then we just basically tweet about it and because I've sold multiple things before like the tweet did numbers and I think because it was just such an easy app to understand right it's just kind of like hey we block your apps you then pray to unlock your apps had a few buyers DM us and the buyer that we actually end up selling to was someone that wanted to acquire Body like 2 years ago we closed within like one week so that was pretty sick >> that's awesome you tell the story of how you grew it >> yeah yeah so we have like I think 10 or 12 Tik Tok accounts. We had an agency that actually helped us with that and about scaling that. And then we wanted to find different types of content that worked well, different hooks specifically. And what we found or what I found generally with like UGC is that you want people to be commenting a lot um and engaging a lot. So we kind of did a lot of comment funing and then we found that oh what's like the opposite of religion itself and what would give kind of like the shock factor and we were like oh actually yeah we'll probably give that kind of like shock factor itself. And you know, when we first kind of posted the type of content, we found that people commenting like, "Oh, why would you do this?" Blah blah blah. But after a while, people kind of like, "Oh yeah, I really needed this app." And end up working out really well for us. >> I feel like finding viral formats like this is it takes a lot of tries for most people. How did you like find this? Cuz this is a perfect intersection of it actually shows the demo of the app and then it's also kind of a controversial like viral hook. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I think something that helped I would say is two things. I think what you need to do is find that one emotion specifically that you want people to feel after that content and that one thing it is. And then number two, I actually am a very big fan of what make your splash page. The splash page is when you open the app first, that kind of like first animation you see. So for us, it was a pre-creen kind of like halo thing coming up. Making that really nice and then using that for the content because that helps kind of like brand things and then you don't actually have to go through the onboarding process within the Tik Tok itself. It's kind of like, okay, you show it for like half a second or second and then the next time you show the phone, you just show like a screen that's like the one that's sharable essentially. >> I feel like this is a really good app idea. Did you actually think about Opal cuz I know Opal makes like 5 million AR. Did you specifically think like how do we get some of this market? >> I've always kind of heard of Opal and then there was this kind of big movement towards focus and people caring about their screen time. So that was something that was kind of like interesting. And then I saw that there's like one sec screen zen and like other ones as well. And I remember I think it was specifically one sec. I downloaded the app just to try it. And literally all it does is that you open Instagram it just says hey brief for 3 seconds and then it opens Instagram for you. And I was just like wait hold on they're making 100k a month. What the hell? And because like I've normally built in the faith space myself I was like okay cool. The same trend I see. Let me just copy that but for a different industry and then see how that works out. >> That's crazy. I remember seeing this too. I feel like One Sack was one of the only ones that had like the hey just take a deep breath, but it makes sense. It's like everyone is just farming attention and trying to harvest as much screen time as possible and this app is kind of going against that. It's like objectively like a terrible user experience. Like I we're just going to force you to like sit there for like 5 seconds like not doing anything. >> That's what kind of crazy. So like we had people praying four time cuz I'm Christian myself. We had people praying four times a day. We had 60% day 30 retention of like daily praying four times a day. So that was like super insane. >> It's not just like the screen blocker, you know, instead of just sit there for 5 seconds, it's like, oh, you actually pray during those few seconds that you would normally be doing other things, but then you also there's like a retention aspect where your people are actually like in the app using it. Was Tik Tok organic the main growth driver of your first like 10k MR? I would say Tik Tok was and then we then did a lot of like meta ads for Instagram that did really well. The best day we had was like 39 cents per install in the US market and then like I think we end up averaging out like 70 cents or 80 cents per install um in the US market which is insane because like most people are getting like a $1.50 and they're happy about that. >> Do you feel like it works one to one? Like you can just make organic videos and then if it does well you can just put it into ads. >> So this is how I think about it. It's like when you post on Tik Tok, you don't control the audience that sees it. So if the general audience sees it and interacts with it and it gets lots of views, there's something about that specific video that people like for some reason. So if you now put ad spend behind it and then show it to the exact audience that you want itself, you should expect super low CPIs on the end. For us, there was like one video that was like out of all the ones that just did so well, but it had like 70% of our spend. 70% of the installs was like one video you said. >> Yeah, literally we had like 20 or 30 videos of that kind of like angle, but that one specifically just did so well and up to now I can't tell you exactly why. >> And that was organic or ads? >> It started off with organic and then we repurposed that same creative. >> Interesting. So 70% of your downloads organically were coming from that one Tik Tok video and it's like obviously okay I'm going to put that one into an ad and then it also performed really well as an ad as well. >> Exactly. Exactly. That's interesting because this one doesn't have as much of the angle. >> Yeah. Compared to the others. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. So maybe that that's like one thing of it. Something I realized as well is that also like people really like we were very strategic about the songs that we put. So we made sure that we put like super Christian songs as well. So you see people commenting like, "Oh, I love this song." All that kind of stuff. So like that also helps. >> When you actually show the app in these videos, is there any thought to like what part of the app you show inside the ad? cuz you don't want it to look too salesy or like obviously like an ad, right? >> The first thing is the splash screen and the splash screen I care a lot about because it kind of shows up the branding first of all. Number two is like the main part of the app. So for us was a prayer and then the third thing was like the congratulations page. You've done your first prayer. >> Yeah. So that was like the let's pray screen congratulations. Interesting. So you're kind of like showing the end result. And you said you were getting like 50 like less than 50 cent cost per install on these ads in the >> US. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. I assume that was profitable then, right? You're probably getting revenue from each of those. Yeah. >> Well, one thing we did find, right, cuz again, every app is kind of different. You kind of have to find what's the strong point of your own app. Our conversion from install to paid wasn't like anything outstanding whatsoever compared to like all the other apps out there. We're kind of thinking like this. If our conversion is like 2 and a half% for example, what that's basically telling us is that we are spending X amount for like let's say 100 users to come in and only 2 and a half% of them are converting to paid users. Another way of looking at that is that you're basically telling 97 and a half people to off. So we were like, "Okay, but our retention is super good. So what we should do is actually have a free version but then have ads instead because we know that 60% of people of the 100 people are still going to be here doing four prayers every single day for 30 days." So that really worked out for us because I think we were making like 5 cents per user per day um on ads. It took us like about 14 or 15 days to get a return on investment. >> 5 cents a day for 30 days. It's like $1.50 50 per user and it's only 50 cent cost per install and this is for 60% of the not converted users. That's like completely lost revenue if you hadn't done exactly. I advise some people who do apps and like they're very much like conversion is one of the hardest things to improve. So I just asked them like what are the stats currently and where the problem currently is and they tell me oh I show one pay wall. I'm just like wait what just show another one. >> You said you advise people. >> We create valers. This is normally for people who creating their first app and what they want to do themselves is that they want to be able to go from idea to launching their mobile app for the first time and also help around viral Tik Tok etc. So we're just a community pretty active every day. People just ask questions about what they wanted to build. There's a guy called Sha. He maybe started four or five months ago and then he would kind of think about different apps. At first he was like I want to do like an AI social app rob like bro just get your first nut first before you start doing all these like crazy stuff. And he created something called car spotter and it's basically like a Pokemon but for cars. You take a car, you take a picture of it and then it kind of explores it for you. And he recently just hit 8K MR. >> And how much time? >> I think it's about 4 months or something and all he has is one Tik Tok account and one Instagram account. >> Is there anything else interesting to share about pray? I just think generally the faith space also is also interesting because we did four ads a day for each person because they have to watch your ad got 40 to do a prayer and then I kept on seeing the same ad and it's called white out survival live now guess how much money do they make a month across both iOS and Android >> a month I would guess maybe 5 million a month I don't know to right now white out survival or something >> 53 million a month >> and then iOS is 51 obviously I'm doing something else now I'm doing like another creator stuff, but like I think they someone needs to create a Bible survival game that these things print so much money, bro. And like the Bible is something that doesn't have any kind of like IP and there's so many stories in the Bible. If someone wanted to do this, they should reach out to me. I'll probably help fund it. I think that something here, man, cuz games print like crazy. >> That's a really good idea. A Bible themed citybuilder game with hyper gamification and microtransactions. I don't know where this came from. Like I feel like this just came out of nowhere, but I think it's been around for a while. >> When I say every ad I saw for like 3 weeks was always them and I was just like, how are they doing this? >> That's crazy. I know mobile games have always made a lot of money, but this one's like so new. Maybe it kind of feels like one of the first in its meta of maybe just the ad type cuz the game itself is not actually that different. This could be a good way to find ideas. just look at their other ones that are newer and then kind of see what they're taking bets on right now. It's probably hard to do games really really well though, right? The skill to create the game, yes, but these things have been played out over and over and over and over again. There's probably some kind of templates out there you can start with and like how they do their go to market like it's just inapp ads and other apps. So it's like if I can then say, okay, every prayer app that does inapp ads, I just want all my ads served in there itself for this kind of like gaming thing. I think there's probably something there. But yeah, games print and they're profitable as hell. >> Yeah. I don't know. Like I feel like a lot of these viral like media in general, like games, videos, everything. It just seems like it's not as saturated by Christian content. And Preycreen kind of proves that. Like Bible chat kind of proves that. Praise Screen was the first focus app for Christians. Like so much so that you typed in like Bible focus and like the only listing was us and then gave it like 2 3 months and then there's like 70 listings now all that Bible focus like so many and it's just funny how like everyone just kind of jumps on the bandwagon. >> So you've had other apps in the past, right? So you had Bible buddy, you had 100,000 monthly active users. >> I created Bible body to be more so like a therapist for Christians specifically. And so instead of it just kind of regurgitating like chapters to you, it was more so like okay like you can use this as a therapist or a journal that you can chat to and then afterwards it kind of responds to you and then kind of relates it to a chapter in the Bible. And actually how we freshly originally grew it wasn't actually an app. First it was a uh a WhatsApp bot and then like it started costing me like crazy because a WhatsApp business API or whatever charge like 2 cents per conversation window or something like that >> and then you grew through some weird marketing channels like Twitter ads. >> So I found that hardcore Christians normally have an affinity to like one pastor or like one like celebrity pastors. So I was kind of like, okay, if you follow that pastor, that's probably like a good indicator that you're Christian. So Twitter at the time, I don't know if they do that now, they allow you to target the followers of specific accounts. So I think I just went on I was like, "Okay, cool. Who do the top 20 or 25 most famous passers? Okay, cool. What are their Twitter accounts?" And then just like target their followers. This is one of the first apps I created. So like I found it very hard to find how to monetize it. So we I started doing ads at first, which was more like a banner ads. exam. But at the time we did do the interstitial ones. I couldn't crack how to monetize it properly. I think maybe I was just more afraid. I was kind of like if I monetize like Christianity, is that bad? I don't know. So that's kind of like my first one. I think I I definitely took a lot of learnings from that. >> I'm just trying to look at if the follower ads are still a thing. I think they are. I think I was looking in the Twitter ads dashboard the other day. Oh, there it is. Follower lookalike. >> Yes. Yes, that was it. I don't think any other platform does this. Maybe Facebook for Facebook pages I think. >> Okay. And then tell us about Magic Music too. >> Magic music came after a friend of mine created like a was called chat something. Um and it was when ch first came out and it was exactly a replica of chat beauty but they just did it for like different languages and all that kind of crap and they were making half million a month and I was so I was just like bro like I should have done this. So, I I told myself I was like, "Yo, the next AI thing that comes out, I'm going to rap that very quickly." And then like I think like a week later, Sunno announced that, "Oh, yeah, Sununo AI music." And within 4 days, I created Magic Music. I was just like, "Yeah, I'm rapping the hell I had this." And there was no API even up to now there's no API. I think it's actually the most fun I've had going on the app. And so, I was actually emailing the founder of Cena cuz I was I was basically telling him like, "Yo, I'm rapping your right now." Cuz they don't have API. So, I was kind of like asking like, "Yo, like I need more songs. Like I'm trying to do the legitimate way, but like you're not allowing me to legitimate way. Do you want to talk about toxic traits? >> So basically create an app where you upload screenshots of conversations and then it basically tells you toxic traits. This is like a master class in like rage bait. So girl emotion like oh she's like kind like I don't care. It says looks like a big red flag to me. What do you say girls? And then specifically you show something that doesn't actually look like a red flag because then people are going to argue in the comments like something that just seems like ambiguous. So obviously he just says you demand respect but you haven't done anything to earn it. And then you get in the comments people argue with each other which obviously then baits everyone. >> Yeah. Everyone's saying like he's right from the perspective of the girl. She's saying wow this guy's so toxic. Look at this big red flag. It's like you demand respect but you haven't done anything to earn it. >> Then we do the same thing. You see the splash base thing. This was our splash page um at the time. So at least then people know okay cool is this this is the brand. And then I think we just showed in after this the upload of the screenshot and then I think then the results page. This wasn't real like an example thing but then people were like okay cool. This kind of makes sense as to what the app does. That is a high quality rage bait. They're all kind of the same thing but with different hooks. It looks like oh and then different demo a little bit. I didn't think twice. I immediately sent this text to an AI. Look at the result it gave me and then scanned. I mean, it's like similar to the the whole like Blake Anderson like, you know, looks Max stuff where you like scans a thing and then it gives you a score and then you're like curious about what the score is. Um, and you can use GPT to just analyze each generation. Interesting. This one is more of a talking head. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a bit of a different format that we we saw that that kind of like worked. It's actually for sale. It has Android iOS fully functional already. Already has 330 pieces of content already ready to go. And we haven't really tested ads or anything like that on this at all. >> Great. It's for sale. Yeah. If you're watching this video, reach out to lots. Maybe you could buy this app. What would you do as the buyer to like continue like growing this? >> I would say like the content pieces that we found that work, just repeat them over and over and over and over again. Then number two, I'd actually look at different languages as well. So, I think that's something that's that helps a lot. >> Is that a strategy that you've done with your other apps? Like you find an ad format or an organic format and you like have it in other languages. Well, normally whenever I get a buyer, that's not the first thing they do just because like everyone's competing for the US market. Uh, but there's also like so many other markets that are super big. It depends on the niche itself. >> US, Philippines, Canada. Yeah. Interesting. Cuz I feel like most app founders, if you're based in the US or you know that the US is a good market, you just start there, but you don't really think about, okay, you could expand to other markets. Just from like all the people that you talk to, like I'm sure you get a lot of frequently asked questions of people who are just starting out. they're they they see the opportunity of building consumer apps and going viral on these platforms. Is there any like common advice that you feel like if everyone knew starting out it would kind of accelerate their progress? >> Two things I see. Number one, everyone wants to become like Blake Anderson or Zach and all that kind of stuff. I always told people, yo, like get your first nut first. And I'm not saying you can't get there, but it's very hard for you to get there on your first try. And I'm just like, yo, if you can get something to like even five to 10k MR, you can sell that thing, right? And it's kind of like, okay, this is my first win. I was able to learn things, whatever it is, okay, then you have their biggest M. I'm very different to like the Blakes of the world. Like there's what they're doing, but like I'm very good at repeatably doing the same thing over and over again. Yes, my MR doesn't get to the millions or AR doesn't get to the millions cuz I'm not scaling it itself, but it's like I get lots of shots from so that a lot of people kind of come to me, they're like, I'm not hitting this huge huge numbers. cuz I'm like bro like right now if you can sell I think for half million right now what could that do for your life and then you're more comfortable to then take more big swings in educational way. Yeah, I mean with all these things, these were all like kind of a twist on something that already existed, right? Like Praise Green, you had a great run with the revenue and then you exited. It wasn't like a brand new invention. You're kind of combining a concept of religious apps and Christianity with Opal and like screen time apps that kind of already existed with Bible buddy. All these did super well and you were like getting all these learnings like you learned how to hit number one in ASO. you learned how to find underpriced channels with like Twitter ads and then with this one you've learned how to do viral Tik Tok. That's actually really good advice though. I feel like a lot of people like they see the big success and they just want to have the same thing but they don't see that it's kind of you need to have the skills to actually have that big win. And the best way to get the skills is to have like smaller wins to start out and like it's not small like the 500k in your pocket is like pretty good is pretty good win, right? Plus you get the skills. Like that's kind of the main thing >> I think it's the skill and the people that you also meet because like now if I wanted to do this Bible game thing like I know like 20 people who will fund an entire thing because they've seen me do it over and over and over again. So for them on their end it's kind of like it's a derisk thing because hey you already know what he's doing. It's kind of like the people you sell to even the people that you chatted to that maybe you didn't end up selling to. For example, Bible someone that chatted to didn't end up selling to them. They came at Pracere like a year and a half later and they closed that within three days because they already knew me from before. >> I guess one more question I just thought of if you're going for an exit like that. I feel like people don't think about exits nearly enough cuz they see the MR and then these days it's like MR is the thing that you flex. It's like oh I'm making 10K a month or I'm making 100K a month. And then people think of that as like okay well if I take home 50% of that after tax like okay now I'm earning 50K a month in my bank account. But then they don't think, okay, what but what if you multiply that by 12 months and then multiply that by an exit multiple, you get a ton of cash up front. So I guess I'm curious, what are any like benchmarks that you've seen for exits? I've seen numbers all over the place, right? I've seen like 2x to 6x that's at the spread I've seen of ARR generally. And what I always tell people is like before you build anything, ask yourself, am I building this for cash flow or am I building this as my life legacy? Number two, when it comes to exiting, people who are so obsessed with trying to get the highest price ever. And I'm just like, bro, most deals fall through, like 90% plus, I would rather take like the third highest price if they can be like, yo, we can close through the next four, five days. So, that's kind of like my advice. >> The other thing is it has to be a good app, you know, like there there needs to be a reason for the buyer to to want to buy the app. They see some growth potential >> and yeah, you got to give them like reasons to purchase, right? And this is the reason that I never do internationalization of my apps in terms of the different languages myself. If I go to you, I'm like, "Oh, yeah, cool. Buy Tops of Traits. Um, we've tried everything and it just didn't work." But if you frame it as, "Okay, we've got this content. This thing's already working. You haven't even tried this, this, this, and this." To you, you're thinking, "Oh, actually, yeah, this collects some key things I can kind of pull on to kind of grow this super quick." >> That makes sense. That's just how it works with like private equity and acquisitions. Like each type of operator specializes in a different stage of the business. So for you it's like you specialize in a 0 to1 getting a 100k AR and people who are good at the internationalization and the other 1 to 10 kind of growth stage they will highly value that. So if you don't have a whole year's worth of ARR does that decrease the multiple? >> I think 3 months and above is good. And if they can see like consistent like revenue like they don't want to be able to see like one day was 100k MR the next day was 20K and they don't want to see that. But if they it just looks consistent then I I think that helps. I think definitely the longer the better. >> From the buyer's perspective I think they understand that the seller you see the growth potential but you're just interested in other things like you want to do creator tech or you want to build a mobile game. like there's just other things that you know you've lost passion for this specific app or you just don't care enough to like really invest all your energy into it. So from their perspective it's just like a win-win like hey I'm going to actually make some more money with this. >> Exactly. Exactly. And I think if you offer them stuff like you know a month or two months of like the transitionary period helps sweeten the deal. >> Right. Some advising. Yeah. This was super valuep packed. Thanks for thanks for hopping on. >> It's cool man. >> By the way this is the Super Wall podcast. We have a lot more interviews on the channel. So check them out. They're all super tactical, just like this

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [15/28] Our App Makes $30K/Month Profit Using This Simple Strategy (copy us)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdudtXwEsOQ
Duration: 65:52
Words: 13,339

Today I had the pleasure of talking with Alejandro and Mario, the founders behind Pushcroll, an app that's generating $30,000 in pure profit every month through completely organic marketing. >> This app made $30,000 in profits last month. >> They've cracked the code on viral Tik Tok content, built a 4,000 person Discord community that actively shapes their product, and got an insanely high 10% viewto conversion rate on a single video. >> The download rate from this video probably like 10%. We got like 20,000 downloads from this video. >> But here's the amazing thing that makes their story completely different. They didn't even start with the product. Alejandro pre-validated the idea with a single Tik Tok video about an app that didn't even exist yet. When it went viral, he found Mario on YC co-founder matching and they built the MVP in just 2 weeks. The way they've built this app is an absolute masterclass in growing a consumer app as lean as possible. They turn Discord feedback into product features within days. They've AB tested everything from onboarding flows to pay wall designs and they've been able to develop a repeatable organic content system that consistently generates them millions of views. And today they're breaking down their entire growth playbook and they're showing us number one the exact frameworks they used to design their onboarding based on Alex Hermosy's value equation. Number two, why their European audience converts completely differently than their US users. And number three, how they're using ManyHat automation to boost engagement by 10x. And if that all wasn't enough, they even show us their Figma files, walk us through their actual SuperWell dashboard, and reveal these specific mentors they paid to completely transform their conversion rates. I'm your host, Joseph Choy, and this interview is brought to you by Superwall, the all-in-one platform for paywall management and revenue analytics for your mobile apps. Let's get into it. How much money does this app make? >> So, this app made $30,000 in profit last month. >> That's awesome. Yeah, a lot of people like to share revenue numbers, but you guys are just like pure profit because you're doing organic. How did you grow to this number? >> Well, it was a a roller coaster and we we did lose a lot of money first and then we we you know, we tried a bunch of things. So, I was trying to validate a bunch of different ideas. The idea that blew up was this idea. And let me quickly show the video. Actually, >> you could stop your doom scrolling addiction by doing 20 push-ups. There's this AI thing that can actually track how many push-ups you do. Now, if you pair that with a social media blocker, now your doom scroll doesn't start until you did like 20 push-ups. Just slap your phone against the wall and once it detects 20 push-ups, you get 20 minutes of screen time. So, basically, no push-ups, no scrolling. Should I build this? Let me know in the comments. I post every day. See you tomorrow. And then pretty much this randomly blew up and you know many people just wanted to see me build this and and then I I went on YC co-founder match and I met Mario and he just happened to already build a screen time app and we just started building this and we just started building an MVP and we made a launch video as well. I think the the key with with roll was like so I was already building a a screen time app and then like I I did it sort of the wrong way. I first started with like building the product and so on before really figuring out how to sell it and then I went to marketing and I hit a wall. It was super hard to like try to market something that was not really made for it, you know. But with push roll like Alejandra was already like sort of starting with marketing, right? Like he he didn't even have the app. he built a video and then that already got a lot of attention. I think like that that initial um validation is what really showcases that the app is viral that it has some potential like for for more views and especially for organic because we started with organic that works and so that actually means that we can go hard with organic and it's going to work out for the app. >> Yeah, it sounds like YC co-founder matching has gotten better over the years. I feel like when I was using it, everyone was trying to do like a VC back startup and you know, they didn't really care as much about like viral Tik Tok. You guys are making 30K a month. That's amazing. Like combine the product with the distribution. Can we go back to that one Tik Tok? Like why do you think that one Tik Tok went viral? Also, the interesting thing about it is that doesn't even >> show a real product. It's just you're just talking about a painoint and like the idea >> of what the app could be before you even built it. >> So, you know, it actually didn't go viral on Instagram, but probably that was because I had a pretty new account, wasn't very warmed up, but take generally you don't need to warm up an account. You can immediately go viral. I think it's just, you know, the concept. The concept was very interesting and these algorithms are very sensitive to novelty and I think this this concept is more or less like a novel idea. There were apps before this like uh clear space that did something similar. uh but in Europe especially this this concept wasn't very widespread and also doom scrolling this whole doom scrolling epidemic is on the rise right and many people want to quit doom scrolling and so this sort of sells this dream of oh you can quit doom scrolling and at the same time you can become fit you can replace your addiction basically right >> yeah at the end of the day as well like doom scrolling is is an issue that we've had a lot like in in in social media Yeah, in order to succeed, I'm convinced now that you have to like really get into that that person's mindset of like who do you want to sell the app to, right? You have to be hyper specific. You have to know the problem. You have to know everything about it and we just happen to know like to to be in this state because we ourselves suffer from the problem. I that was doom scrolling a lot and that's why I really got obsessed with this problem and Alejandra as well like we're we're literally like the perfect people to build this because we've been so much on the phone. with like spent so many hours and we've tried like every single method that there is to quit doom scrolling. None of them worked and so like it was such a a problem that was like so important for us that we knew sort of like how to solve it or like how to approach it or like how to also be motivated while building it. >> I think part of the novelty was sort of the skeleton diagram that kind of showed up halfway. Did you show that part again because that's like very >> visually appealing. Yeah, there's this thing. So, where did you find that? I feel like this is a great idea for an app that goes on Tik Tok because, you know, Tik Tok is just inherently it's a very visual platform and this is like overlay skeleton diagram over a person and for some reason your eyes are just kind of drawn to it. >> Exactly. That's that's really like important for every app you want to build in the consumer space that you always have some, you know, visual aspect. For Kelly, it's the the calorie tracking. for quitter it's um you know it's the streak but also you know the where you can see yourself after you relapse and you should always have some visual aspect because you know these platforms are inherently visual right and especially like this concept the way I presented it here it's very um easy to understand and that's also very important when you make uh organic videos you always want to make it simple you always want to make straightforward when you use simple language and you want to show the concepts you explain they should have some visual attached to it in this case right the skeleton >> where did this where did this original video come from >> just YouTube I I just AI push-up counter and you know that's it I mean and people can already like see the app in front of them >> interesting >> just randomly riffing do you do you feel like this has potential to >> to kind funnel into different types of apps. I wonder if you could use the same marketing principle of having this eye-catching kind of like diagram thing >> and then like do you think that this could apply to other niches? >> 100%. I would always suggest before you even build a product, you pretend you already build it >> or you find something that is very similar to it and then you just basically, you know, make a video about it or like you make several videos about it. And if you can get one video to go viral, then you you build an MVP and you start building the app. But before you build anything, you should always validate the idea. And the best way you can do this by pretending you already have a product. >> Yeah. And the skeleton specifically, it's what worked for us to make it appealing. But yeah, like I'm not sure like what other applications you could do like like maybe for for posture tracking. I could imagine it working or like something like looks maxing, but like it just happened to work for us like this this skeleton. Not that you say that, it does sort of look like the looks maxing face diagram thing >> from some of those apps. And then stretching is actually yeah, great idea. >> There's models for everything. There's one for the face as well. So I can I could imagine like a nice idea would be like they track your face and then you do some gestures and they rate how how good your smile looks or something like that. It's really complicated but yeah like there's there's a lot like that can be played with >> and also for these type of apps what you can then do ideally you'd make it a premium app because this is very sharable. You can record you doing the push-ups and you can share right it's it's sort of like a flex in a way right and that's also something you can use to sort of you know improve the K factor of your app. So then after you found this, you know, this video kind of randomly went viral, seemed like it had high demand, you basically proved a little bit of product market fit where people are are asking for the app. What was your first version? What did you uh build out of this? >> I think Alejandra reached out to me and then we were like, "All right, we're going to build this as as quickly as possible." And we just built like I already had the speed dump app like the the other app that I was building. So I literally just like mostly imported most of it into this new sort of format and then slapped AI detection into it. We had to change a lot about it of course and then like the issue is that I I started building the other app with Android instead of iOS. So we first had to do like ship Android and then iOS but yeah like we met up and then we we decided how to approach it and and like spend some days building it. >> Yeah. So pretty much the first version is very simple. You just select the app you want to block like let's say X or Instagram and you have a button do push-ups and you you see your budget and I think like actually the first version was even a sideways detection and then we did switch to a front detection because it's more visually appealing and yeah that's pretty much it like just this these two screens pretty much that's the app >> super scrappy like based on on demos that we found online with like AI detection and so on and then we had to like the the core feature is the the AI detection, right? So, you really have to nail down how well that works. Um, so we had to do like lots of like put a lot of effort into making it better, but the first version just worked. So, that was good. >> That's crazy. This whole app is just two screens, I guess, plus one uh, you know, intro screen. But then there's a few things that go into those two screens. Like the first one, there's the tracking where you it tracks how many minutes you've scrolled on each of the apps. And then the second screen obviously there's the AI. Was it hard to build the AI? Like what went into that? >> Yeah. So like to be clear also like the transform your life is just a screenshot of of the on boarding. But like in the MVP we didn't even have any boarding. It was like literally you open the app and then you got that screen with like the list of apps. You enabled whatever you wanted and then you you could do push-ups. That that was it. And then like when you opened one of the blocked apps you got a block screen based on like how much budget you had. So like AI detection, getting it to work just barely was fairly easy because there's like push-ups detection in particular is one of the most common like examples of how to do visual recognition and and so on. So, it was pretty easy to get like a first version, but then it got harder as we tried to get it like to work for our use case because in most cases, um, they did it from the side. And we really wanted to do it from the front, for example, because it goes back again to the what we were talking about like making the app viral. If the person is doing like the push-ups from the front, it really makes it easier to do influencer partnerships because you you see their face. It's a bit more appealing and so on. Sure, we had an initial version, but it was completely rewritten at some point because we moved it to be from the front. Also like we only did Android, right? So at some point we also wanted to do the iOS app and had to like completely also change the framework and so on to make it work on both sort of like in without having to code it twice. >> Interesting. So is this just open AI like open AI V? >> It's not open AI. It's like media pipe visual recognition. Not quite an LM because like you you really like another issue that you usually have is you really need latency has to like be like work pretty fast otherwise it lags out or like it doesn't work that well and so using LLM would be like slow for this. It's all local as well. Yeah. Like no privacy concerns or anything. >> That was media pipe by Google, right? >> Exactly. Yeah. >> Okay. Yeah. So it's just an API like available like you you don't have to add too much to it but then you kind of put the the visual skeleton on top. Was that difficult to figure out as well? >> Yeah, I mean kind of like that like there was already some guidance on how to do it a bit but then you want to improve it a lot. For example like having the skeleton the the eyebrows that was like it like the point of doing it them like the push-ups from the front is to see their person's face. If we put that in the front like you cannot even do it like see it right. So we had to customize it a lot and so on. After all, like this is the the core feature of the app. So we like we had to make it better. >> This is the very first version. So there's not even a payw wall, right? So did you just release this and then get some downloads first and then introduce the payw wall subscription later? >> So we actually uh decided to give like a oneweek free offer. So everyone who installs it in the first week gets the app for free for life pretty much. And that was also part of why this video, like the release video went super viral. Like, okay, it may not be like that many views, but the download rate from this video probably like 10%. Like, >> we got so many downloads. We got like 20,000 downloads from from this video. >> That's crazy. I mean, with other people, too. And >> normal benchmarks are maybe like 1% or less of views to downloads, but this one video got 10%. So, you got 175,000 views. You say you got around 20k downloads. Can we watch that video? Can you see? >> Yeah, sure. Sure. >> After 14 days of working day and night and a ton of support, we finally released the app that will make you stop doom scrolling and get you jacked at the same time. 2 weeks ago, I had this idea for an app that makes you do push-ups before you can use social media. And now the app is finally out and everyone who installs it in the first week until the 15th of June will get lifetime free premium as a thank you to all our loyal followers. And that includes your family, your friends, even your freaking dog. So tell them about this app before the offer ends. And also share this so more people can quit doom scrolling. By the way, iOS is coming next week. We have the same offer for you guys for you guys. Oh, interesting. >> So it was just like >> I think the origin also helped like you got to get it now or it's going to expire like the offer. So >> yeah. So the offer was one week for one week. Anyone who downloads this gets it for free for life. >> Exactly. And um you know it it it's it worked. And we we also like built a Discord community around this and pretty much like a lot of our first um users in this Discord came from that video and this Discord has proven to be so um beneficial to us because we can get feedback on features. We can you know direct the the product to to what the people actually like. And for example I have this I have this channel um add decisions in there. We just ask people what would they prefer and then they give us feedback. Um or like for backs and finding out like what's working, what's not working. It's like so so helpful. >> For example, like this design like okay it's like that a super fast AB test you can do. >> Yeah. It just accelerates the decisions or like like small design uh choices like this, you know, which one you like more like 10 or two people voted like the right and you know this has proven to be super super beneficial and also we get so much feedback on bugs and um like we get so many bugs right and we can really like see what many people struggle with, what many people don't like about the app and I would always suggest that people like build a community on the side to you sort of see how people like the app, what they want, and yeah, >> this is so interesting. I don't think I've seen anyone else build a consumer app with this active of a Discord community attached to it. >> 3K users right now, I think, or 4K almost. >> And you know, the most active people actually came from from my TikTok, right? Because it's it's sort of like a small family, right? It's like the the OGs, right? It's all of the >> the OGs are the most active. They're also like our moderators and so on. They help us a lot. >> Yeah. A lot of the people who comment on the tier like they were so convinced of this app and we we sort of nourish this relationship with them and you know they have been super supportive as well even helping us with videos and stuff. It's sort of this support network. You look at you know for example the self-improvement channel like oh first time doing 300 push-ups right? Oh this app helped me so much like testimonials. This genuinely works. I'm getting stronger while also removing impulse. Like this is very motivating for us, right? Yeah. I really recommend this actually. >> Yeah. Then there's someone who's done 8,000 push-ups or and like so many squats and so many like plank and so on. Like >> Yeah. Yeah. We always see >> super cool. >> We have a lot of fun sometimes. >> We also get like a lot of content from them. For example, this guy doing the push-ups in the mountains. Yeah. It's really >> That is actually really powerful. This is like pushing you guys towards product market fit because you're getting all the feedback and it's also helping you with distribution because people are just giving you like user generated content for more organic videos or maybe ads down the line. You have a community of people. They're like motivating you, giving you feedback. It's really this is really good. I feel like a lot of people in like B2B tech sort of understand like oh you need to talk to your customers, you need to give feedback. With consumer, I feel like people kind of just, you know, release it, kind of look at the metrics, and then some people even think like, oh, you you need to just ship stuff like consumers don't know what they want and we need to like lead the charge in a way. Do you guys agree with that? Have you like heard of that at all or agree with that? Because it seems like you kind of have the opposite approach where you like really listen to your users and you make product decisions based on them. sort of agree with that because sometimes, you know, they don't understand what the average user wants because they have a very specific case. You can sort of gauge like what the sort like the the general sentiment is, right? It's especially good for AB tests. I would recommend it if you want to do AB tests. Uh so you compare two things. If it's not binary, it's a bit harder to find which direction to move into, right? >> Yeah. you still need a vision in your head because otherwise like there's so many suggestions they will they will give you and if you implement all of it just whatever to say like it's crazy so >> but it helps a lot still because like I mean some like some of the the best ideas we we implemented were from here as well >> if you see like the the same suggestion like 20 times >> that's like signal okay we should build this like um >> for example this this uh the minute that like >> so you can you can sort of uh go into depth and you have to repay the depth of minutes you you sort of spend, right? If you're on a plane trip or whatever. We got this suggestion like 50 times at least. And like even this this one has so many ups. >> Now that I think about it, like I used to work at Google search and I was working on cons the consumer side and we would literally do this but we would spend like hundreds of thousands of dollars on it instead of just like going into Discord and asking. It's like when when we have a feature idea, you would, you know, do a UXR, you do user experience research where you'd first just create very simple screens and then show people and then just get their qualitative feedback on which one they liked more or do you like this or do you not like this and then only once it passes that then you can go on to ship it to a certain small percentage of users and then you seed the the data. But you guys are literally doing that but just on a smaller scale and a much scrappier way but you're getting this like very tight feedback loop that improves the product really quickly. >> Exactly. This is the perfect example of what you just explained like uh the journey feature which is like a dual lingo but for fitness. We had this very like basic version uh like what you just explained like a wireframe version of it and and then we we saw the feedback. Oh, we want this um version of it. And then we redesigned that, you know, that version that they chose, right? That helps us as well to sort of not waste any time on, you know, on fluff, right? On stuff that people don't actually need. >> Yeah. And one last thing also for prior prioritiz prioritization, it's really useful because for example, our app is like a mix of both using the phone less and exercising more, right? And then it's always been hard to know like where should we focus like what do people care more about. So we can like some people for example you can get that sort of data in the on boarding but like in in this discord we also get lots of like spe special like specialized insights about it not just like the predefined answers that you put on the onboarding >> the logo as well like um we we sort of like AB tested the logo >> like this was this was supposed to be like the the the first version of the logo >> and you know we ended up doing this so much better >> all because of the the votes and stuff right otherwise would have been picked this >> going back to like the business side. So you released that launch video saying that people can get a lifetime subscription for free for a week. Um so how did you actually turn this momentum into paying subs? We sort of said okay one week for Android but only two days for iOS because intrinsically we knew that iOS will pay us more per user and that's how we initially got you know our first what was it 5K or something and we pretty much used all of that money on influencer collabs and unfortunately that's like where we went a bit you know downhill we sort of used the the momentum from this first launch to sort of kickstart this other launch, which maybe I can show it as well. It didn't get as many views as this um main launch, but yeah, this one. So, this one is the iOS launch. It's like literally the same video, but for iOS, and we only had two days of this lifetime deal. After 16 days of working day and night, seven rejections from Apple and a ton of people waiting for it, we finally released the app that will make you stop doom scrolling and make you check at the same time on the app store. 16 days ago, we released our app called Push Scroll on Android. And in just 3 days, it got 8,000 downloads. So, Push Scroll makes you exercise before you can doom scroll. Just put your phone against the wall and it detects how many push-ups you do. And for every push-up you do, you get 1 minute of screen time. And literally so many people have already stopped doom scrolling and started their own fitness journey because of this app. And you can be next because for the next 48 hours, we will give you a free lifetime premium if you create an account and share this video. That also includes your family, your friends, even your freaking cat. So make sure you share this before. >> So this time it's the cat. But yeah. Yeah, pretty much it's um you know the same video but for like a shorter amount of time and iOS >> feel like the the video probably went viral. It was getting views for more than those 48 hours. So the people who saw the video in the first 48 hours, some of those went maybe 5 10% similarly to the last one went to the app store to download it from iOS. But then after those two days are up, you paywalled it probably. And then y >> if people were still watching the video, which is still getting pushed by the algorithm, at that point those people are getting paywalled. So that's sort of where your first revenue came in. That was like 5,000 you said? >> Yeah, more or less 5,000. And >> I think it was a bit less like so I'm checking now on on Super Bowl and like there's there's definitely like a spike. You can share it if you want. Uh but then it falls down like so like we we did get like a bit a bit of money after launch. I mean now now that we made 30K like the spike is is like really small. After the launch we got a bit of a spike and then it plateaued because we we were sort of like trying out the influencers and not really growing the app but like I think we only got like maybe 1k 2k >> really. Oh I thought it was >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. It was a launch. So I think we were super excited like wow yeah this is working and yeah didn't get that much money. >> Our main like hypothesis was to use influencers and we saw the success with Twitter with Cali and so we thought okay yeah this this has to go viral like this has to work and we started you know mass DMing uh influencers. I don't know if you can >> and even if we didn't get a bunch of money at point um we did get the community right like we still had like 1k users in a discord giving us ideas and um lots of feedback so that was also really helpful >> pretty much just sent like this DM probably like 2,000 times it's really like uh you know very simple you know we hooked them with this and we just explained the app real quick let me know if you're interested and the Yes, we we book a call with them and we sort of negotiate a deal where it's or four videos. Let's say they their average video makes 100k views which is a CPM of around two to three, let's say two. So that would be $200 per video and we just multiply that by four because it's would be four videos and we would pay them a flat retainer pretty much. no view bonus, just in this case $800 for four videos. And we pay them 50% up front and 50% after the the last video. And that's pretty much what we tried. We got like around five to six influencers. You can actually show it on our main channel. Yeah. So this this is pretty much all the videos we did with influencers. For example, Jeff Mac. So initially we we went more as well into calisthenics because we thought okay this appeals a lot to to calisthenics sort of people and yeah we also collabed a lot with with these calisthenics influencers. I think the main problem why it failed is just download rate wasn't that good. Our conversion rate from the videos was actually very good but you know people did not really want to download the app. Like this video got hundreds uh 38,000 views but maybe only like 200 500 downloads or something. >> Can you show that video? >> Yeah. So this video is is is a bit more subtle. >> It's pretty much the same thing that that Twitter did, right? They collab with the same influencer and from Twitter themselves, we heard they had a lot of success with this format. But in our case, we thought, okay, this this might might also apply to doom scrolling, right? And so we we started with him because we we got a pretty good deal with him and we said, "Okay, this this could be worth it and basically it's just in the caption that's pretty much just a shout out to our app and also a collab, right? So you would see, okay, this this was posted by by him and by us and yeah, like the first one, no phone screen time and then you quit doom scone with blah blah blah." But we were just learning and uh this wasn't like the format wasn't really that good. >> How many? Yeah, 300 I think. Yeah, around >> more or less like 500 300. No, not not that many. But for Twitter like this this this they they got so much money from this format >> for us. >> We were still at a moment where we were like experimenting. We didn't know like we had some validation but we really didn't have any organic formats that we could repeat or like anything like this. Like we didn't know if Jeff kind of format worked or like more like pushups demo. And so in this experimentation, you don't want to lose a lot of money because you will run out of it, which is what happened with us. >> Yeah. And then we we we sort of went into the calisthenics niche. Um for example, like this video. >> I mean to be honest, like the video is also a bit lazy. And and the problem with calisthenics is the appeal from many of these calisthenics influencers is, you know, they do these crazy movements and when they sort of demo the app like this, it doesn't really include the crazy movement, right? If you look at this channel, like he does like the craziest skills ever, like you know, this this stuff like you know, back flips and stuff and then, you know, we have a video like this and I mean people it still it still does get views but it's not like you know 200k a million views doesn't go viral and you know that was sort of the something we had to learn the the hard way. We lost around like 2K on influencers, but then we we sort of made it all back with organic. >> What is the format that has made you guys the most money? What is Can we look at the Can we get a breakdown of I guess you guys call it just Instagram, Tik Tok organic rather than paying influencers. You're just making your own videos. >> Yeah, we pretty much lost so much money on on influencers. We had no other choice but to do organic. I don't know if you know uh life resets or the rice app was previously called the rice app and now it's called life reset. I think they're also in consumer club but there's uh they made a video about organic and they just pretty much broke down like what you need to do for organic. You pretty much need to find a format that works and you just need to rinse and repeat until it doesn't work and you you try the next format. And the way you do it is you look at your competition. In our case, we looked at a competitor of ours and we pretty much found this format, right? And we just tried it once. I think the first time we tried it, yeah, this is the first time we tried it. So, this only got 8,000 views, but this was already like such a boost to our baseline. Very like a basic video, but the the stitch hook actually, and this is also something I want to explain later, it had a really good skip rate. And the skip rate is sort of like a onetoone correlation to virality if you can also get a good watch time. >> Similar to like the very common format for a lot of consumer apps which is face reaction and then demo or basically like a hook and then demo. But for you guys, the hook is a skit or almost like a over- the-shoulder like, "Hey, what the heck is this guy doing and then straight to product demo with your face and showing the screen and everything." It It actually reminds me of Quizard a little bit too with the overthe-shoulder shot in the lecture hall looking at like what is this guy doing? And then it shows the actual product. It combines like the oh you need to grab attention in order to get the views in order to get the new retention up so that it hits the algorithm. But then once you get those views, what do you do with it? Well, you want to show people the actual product, right? So you're you go straight into product demo like two, three seconds and do do you repeat basically the same format formula for all of these videos? >> Yeah. So pretty much I figured, okay, this this might work. Let me try it again. This feels a bit more like an ad, right? Like this guy's iPhone is blocked. Like, but this one felt more natural. Let me actually show this one. And this one is the first one that like blew up like crazy. >> Um, >> my bro is doing push-ups at 2:00 a.m. to scroll reals. >> Bro, my phone legit won't let me scroll until it detects push-ups. And every push-up I do gives me one minute I can use to scroll. I legit don't know why I'm doing this to myself, but it's kind of working. I'm not going to lie, bro. And I never knew this about this app, but it also has like these fitness challenges which are pretty cool. Like if you're ever sick of scrolling, you can also do that, I guess, on an app and I send you the link. >> Yeah. And this was also the start of our many chats um sort of strategy. And I can talk more about this later as well, but sort of the why this went viral. I think there's several factors that go into it, right? Is what you just said. It's this over-the-shoulder um you know, in the wild like what is this guy doing? And you know, this sort of creates a lot of curiosity because you you feel like you're actually there with this person that's that's recording me and you also want to know what is this guy doing? Like why is he putting his phone on the pavement and doing push-ups in the middle of the night and and then also this this caption, right? Bro is doing push-ups to unlock Instagram and a skull emoji and it's a female AI voice. and you're like, "Wait, is this a real person that's saying this?" Right? It it feels a bit uncanny. Like, there's so many factors that go into this hook, but the point is the hook has to has to be a banger. If the hook is not like a banger, the the video is not going to work. Like, because you're you you're gonna have so many people just skipping the reel, right? They're not even gonna know what the content of the video is going to be, right? The hook has to be amazing. And and really that's that's the biggest indicator of a v virality of a video. See if you have a good hook, right? And we just repeated this hook over and over and over and over and it's kept on working. And >> it looks like in most of these videos you're doing it at night, too. Or at least like the ones that have a lot of views. >> Yeah. I mean, like it doesn't necessarily mean it should be at night. It just has to, you know, be in a like um >> like appealing. I think the biggest one we got is like he's doing push-ups like under the rain and it's like wow what what is this guy doing >> I think the more >> I really like >> the more bizarre it is the more the more you're curious right I think the biggest driver here is curiosity right you want to know oh why is it is he doing push-ups at 3:00 a.m. like one of them was at 3:00 a.m. like he's doing push-ups at 2:00 a.m. And yeah, pretty much that's just just kept on working. The skip rate on this video was was I think like 19%. So this means 19% of people skipped in the first three seconds, but everyone else kept on watching the video. And to Instagram, this is like a sign, okay, I need to show this to more people. If you combine this with a good watch time, that's like the biggest indicator of of virality. This is like the the same concept but in the rain. I can actually show this real quick. >> My bro is doing push-ups to scroll on reals. >> Bro, my phone legit won't let me scroll wheels until I did push-ups. And every push-up I do gives me one minute I can use to scroll. And for all the fitness nerds out there, there's also this journey mode thing. For some reason, I'm like kind of surprised that people actually watch through the talking head part of the video because >> they do. They do >> cuz it it's an ad. It like kind of feels like an ad, but not really. Like you're obviously talking about the product, but I guess enough curiosity is there and enough novelty is there >> to where the viewer is not really used to this type of video. It's like, okay, this kind of feels like an ad, but I'm just so intrigued that I'm just going to watch the rest of the video. >> And that's also like what's so beneficial about our app. People actually want to quit doom scrolling, so they don't care if it's an ad, right? If if they feel, oh, this might actually be able to solve my problem. This is interesting. You can like go full ad mode. And and this also increased conversions like crazy because I I did have a cinematic video. I can actually show this too where it it didn't feel like an ad, but this one like didn't have nearly as much conversion as the one where I had no shame in like, you know, selling the app. Basically, >> my bro is doing push-ups to scroll on reals. >> My phone will let me scroll real until it detects push-ups. Ever since that day, Instagram got blocked in the middle of a doom scroll. I just couldn't stop thinking about push-ups. Now I'm here bound for eternity doing push-up. >> Wait a minute. >> I already have 20 push-ups I can use to stroll. Guess it's time to doom scroll. >> Oh my god. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So, this one like didn't feel like an ad, right? Whereas this one was a full on ad. Uh but you know, people don't really care. They just want their problem to be solved. Like >> that's so interesting. So you guys got to 30k a month profit with basically repeating the same video over and over. >> Yeah, pretty much. >> And many chat too, right? Like you're doing an automation. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that that's actually hu that was a huge part of our strategy. So this one we didn't use many chat and it only got like 8K. But this one we started using manager and it's really just uh you know this call to action comment app for the link and you know in the later videos I also started telling people oh comment the word app and I send you a link to the app and people comment the word app like you it's such a simple word to comment right and if you see um in this case 6,900 comments that all comment app you're like oh I need to comment app as well it's like social I wouldn't say pressure but you see like people doing it and you want to do it as well. So you comment app, I send you a automated reply and I send it to your DMs. Yeah, I I basically send this, hey there, please click the button below to receive the link and you get a direct link to the app. And this also increased conversions like crazy because you get a direct link to the app and you know people are lazy. They don't want to look up the app. But if you can, you know, send them a link and they they click it, you know, they go directly to the app store. Yeah, I can imagine how that's a lot better conversion rate than have just having the link in bio because then people have to click your profile and then try to find the link in bio versus this like it's in their inbox. They can't really ignore it. It's like it's just there once they comment. >> So, they're going to click the link eventually. And then the interesting thing is that it's also it's probably trackable too because with some of these videos where you just say say the name of the app inside the video and then you expect people to search on the app store and then just download it. There's no attribution there. But with this there's like complete measurable attribution. >> Many people do actually also click on you know search it up. They're not stupid right? They know like okay this this is the app it's called push scroll. they see like the the name or when I demo the app, they they see the name of it. >> Yeah. >> But if you see how many uh runs this automation had, almost 90,000 DMs I sent. >> And um yeah, pretty much all from you know, comments from and but you know, I think the biggest part of the strategy with many chat here is is really like engagement, right? you create so much I wouldn't say fake engagement but it it artificially boosts engagement and it pushes your video like crazy because Instagram sees oh this a video has a comment rate of you know 10% something like crazy Instagram is like I need to push this to more people for example like my most viral video actually it had 62,000 comments like not even like the craziest um 100 million views video has this many comments And you know this this is like a huge part of why they got so many views in the first place. >> This is a crazy growth hack. So what is the conversion rate look like once the user gets the DM? >> The clickthrough rate is actually not that not that good. It's like 33%. >> Okay. >> But I play store the listing I think is like 60 60% around there. >> Okay. I think just many people are curious and and also like many people who see the link, they don't even click on the link. They just search it up later. >> So the conversions don't even need to be like perfect. It's you're you're also just engagement hacking the algorithm in general. So there's all these people seeing the video. They see the name of the app in the video. >> So it's okay if they don't convert off of the DM. >> Exactly. It's it's more like just to boost the views. And you know, sometimes you might might even have like a famous figure like like this huge calisthenics influencer who comments everything like plays into just getting more views and that's pretty much the biggest hack in this in this strategy, right? >> And then once you get all these users into your app, can we how do you monetize? >> So we pretty much just throw you into into this onboarding. And the goal of this onboarding is to basically show you, oh, you have a problem and we are the ones who are the best at solving your problem. And we we we tried everything, you know, we are the experts, right? And >> we took a lot of inspiration even from the Super Bowl podcast for example, like from the Kier 30 people. I really liked how for example um they had a a review in their app store directly where someone was like oh like the boarding was a bit long but I actually really enjoyed it because it was like the first time that I got a chance to talk about my addiction. So in this case it's also like sort of like having a conversation with the people and so on and we like overall we're not sure this is actually the best strategy because the conversion like the payable rate is like 70%. We want to get that a bit higher ideally. Uh but like it does increase our conversion rate overall a bit. >> I love to hear that. That's an amazing testimonial. So you watched the Super Wall podcast. You took some tips. You went into your own Super Wall and added some of these pay walls. >> Yeah, we watched all of them. Exactly. And it was super helpful. This specifically from Clear 30s Super Wall. And I can I can break it down if you want. So it's pretty much the same philosophy as you know clear 30's onboarding where we basically build this custom plan and it's like a conversation with the user right so pretty much uh you just open the app boom let us build your program you enter your name and and then we basically have this conversation so tell us Alejandra like what goals you want to achieve using first scroll right the whole time on this on boarding we're trying to you know go into the the value equation of Alex Hermosi we're trying to you go on each of these four levers where we're trying to increase the perceived likelihood of achievement, decrease the time delay, decrease the effort and sacrifice and just trying to increase the perceived value of our app. So pretty much we just ask you what you want to achieve, right? You want to sleep better, you want to do this, blah blah blah blah blah. And we have a bunch of options, right? So this basically it tells the user that we actually have a solution to all of these goals or like we can actually help you with all of these goals. And the more options you have here, the more it feels like, oh, this this is like this going to help my specific goal, right? >> I want to kind of map the framework to each of these screens because I think that some people like to copy screens and without really understanding it, but then you're not going to be able to iterate. But if you understand like why are you actually putting each of these screens in when you ask goals for example what goals do you want to achieve that's the dream outcome part of the equation right and then the very next how much time do you currently waste on your phone every day that's the pain point >> yeah but you hit the nail because like we we've had multiple iterations of the onboarding and like in the last one we had also like nice visuals nice design but there was no framework like we just sort of looked at other apps we sort of copied a bit what they looked like we had some ideas but there was no cohesive experience. In this case we're like we're trying to have a conversation with them and we have some goals and specific like for example one big drop off that we have is for screen time you need to ask for some permissions also notifications and so on. And so that's usually a big drop that can be good for conversion but bad for payroll rate. And so we want to increase trustworthiness because people will get to the permission screen and they're like oh this app is like sounds super sketchy, right? And so, for example, for that, for like that specific reason for our app, we put a bit of research. We put like some effort into showing that we actually know what we're doing and that we like have some social proof and so on. So, like it's not so much copying the screens, but like having sort of like in mind, okay, what do we want to achieve and how like what frameworks that we want to do? >> Pretty much this is all about the dream outcome. And we always like put some some social proof in there like between the screens. We actually talked to Chris from the Twitter team or like ex Quitter. He basically like told us to focus more on this on boarding and like also add these social proof uh screens in between. We go into the into the problem and we try to dissect it and then we try to position ourselves as the experts who are the best to solve this problem. Right? So this is >> it's not just any question as well like we're asking them like we're sort of doing this also to customize experience like we're asking them so what apps are the most addictive to you and then we show a screen with specifically YouTube or Tik Tok or whatever they chose and then like for example they made them feel sad or anxious and we showed like the opposite feeling right >> it's also about customization >> this is what you talked about so pretty much uh what have you already tried and you you select for example like screen time limiter And there's like a good percentage of of people that already like tried some of these things. And then we show like this follow-up screen. Oh yeah, great first step, but these don't really address like the core issue. Yeah, this is and we just tell them, okay, you tried this, but here's why you failed. Like here's why this might not be a good option or here's why this is actually a good option. And we we show like a bunch of research. I don't know if I have it here, but yeah, we basically like show you a link and you press on the link and it actually opens the direct citation and then we position our app as the like the fivestar the best way to quit after, you know, we dissected all of these other methods. >> That's very unique. I don't think I've seen an app do this before. We actually naming not necessarily competitors, but alternative solutions that people may have tried but haven't worked out for them. and you're calling it out directly and saying, "Hey, we've tried these two. Here's why it doesn't work." >> Yeah. Because maybe, for example, if you try to quit vaping or something, there's not that many ways to do it. But with screen time, like people really have tried everything and it still doesn't work, right? Like it's still a big issue that we have. So >> yeah, >> sorry. >> So many options here. And we also show the research like basically you learn about yourself as well. You learn about the whole quitting social media. It's also like a learning experience for you, right? And this is also like some value you get like during the onboarding, right? Because otherwise the onboarding is just, you know, you fill out a quiz, you fill out this, but this is like a education as well in a way. >> I think what's important like how we got here like is first like really obsessing over like watching stuff like the Super Bowl podcast or like stuff on X like all resources online that's available like a mafia and so on. And also like sometimes it's really good to make an investment like a monetary investment for example to talk with someone you aspire like for example we we literally paid Chris later to like give us some feedback on on the boarding and then that completely changed our trajectory or we spoke with fisher catcher Brock Anderson to give us some feedback as well and like those had like really really high ROAs because it sort of made us go from this crappy work that you're going to see now into like something that was actually more important at that time. >> Yeah, exactly. It's always a good investment to invest in knowledge and this is like a plug for consumer club which is why we invested in consumer club and like everyone who's listening to this podcast I recommend you you invest in consumer club because you know knowledge is always a great investment even like um paying for a mentor it's always a great investment >> yeah for everything because founders really like usually sacrifice their time but after all time is money right and like like finding out the like right direction that's really valuable. And also, for example, we paid someone to like help us with screen time like like some screen time bags or we also paid someone to like de like some do some designs for us and that really like saved us like so much time in comparison and we like when we did this we really didn't have any money. >> This is also noteworthy. So people can can try the the push-ups feature before they actually pay for the app. And I think this this definitely increases the trust because many people might not think oh this might be a scam. I don't know if it can actually detect the push-ups. So, you can actually try it. You know, it's like you can use the app, but you cannot really block any apps, right? And then we we also tell you, oh, when do you want to work out? When do you want to exercise? And this is also like a commitment. You want to like create these a bunch of micro commitments. For example, like the first onboarding, we even had like the extreme of this. We had like sign your commitment like from this day onward, I will blah blah blah blah. you sign your actual name, right? It's like you want to create these commitments and then you know they're they're more likely to convert on the pay wall. >> That's super interesting. Is this the final version of the of the onboarding that you're showing now? >> So, we're trying right now a shorter version of the onboarding versus this version. This is a little bit too long and uh the payroll rate isn't the best. This is pretty much like yeah, more or less the final version of it. >> Any insights around conversion rates? Because there's a few different conversion rates with the payw wall, right? is like how many views did the actual payw wall get and then how many trial starts and then how many trial to paid conversions. Anything you've learned about any of those conversion rates on Super Wall? >> Yeah, Mario, you can definitely talk about this. Yeah, Mario, you want to show me the screen? >> Usually like when you learn from others like App Mafia and so on, you you look at their stats and you're like, "Wow, they have a 20% conversion rate on their payroll." And then you really have to apply your own domain knowledge like hey like so what what industry am I in like what audience am I having what locations are you coming from and so that's something that really like made it hard for us for example like we our audience is mostly made up of like 18 year old people or even younger like I think it's like 70% or something like that and so that really affects our our individual conversion rate it's just like Instagram where you compare yourself against others or like oh damn like I went on vacation to Barcelona I could have gone to Bali or whatever, you know, in in our case, we have like suboptimal conversion rates and payroll rates and something that that's something that we have to improve on, but after all, like audience is also a really big factor that plays into like how many conversions you get and so on. And also, for example, we have iOS, we have Android, like they're widely different. But I think just payroll rate we managed. I think payroll rate has been a bit stable overall. We had a a version from here to here that was not so good. And this is when we started to like go a bit more into the customization and having a conversation with them and so on. And it improved it a bit. And you can also feel it like in the conversion like in the conversion it goes from like 7% to like 16 just putting more thought into like the whole framework of the on boarding already helped a bit and like now it's a bit worse because of the audience again. And then pay wall conversion, pay wall rate and trial conversion. This is what we're working on right now. We're trying to add more features to the app. We're trying to increase the retention because we have a a 7-day free trial. And so, we really want to make those seven days the best so that they like they they see value in the app and they decide to continue. And honestly, at the at the beginning, we didn't have that many features and it was still pretty good. You can see that it hasn't improved a lot, but if you go to the metrics in App Store, you can see that retention is getting better. How did some of these numbers compare against benchmarks? Are there any like major improvements that you guys have made since the first versions of these? >> Like the metrics themselves like for example like it's hard to just look at payroll rate for example because by having a longer on boarding you may be decreasing the payroll rate while increasing the payroll conversion rate. So if anything you should always be looking at ARPU which in our case it's also tricky because the data is a bit harder to get like or to analyze in ARPU. We saw that we had a really bad conversion rate and so we did an AB test on the free trial length 3 days versus seven days and we saw that for example seven days really marked the difference in how many more people got into the app and then we wanted to focus a bit more on another one and so on but overall like I it's a bit hard but ARPU is like the north star. We also tried monthly versus weekly and we saw that weekly actually won but it was only like a little bit of extra airpried. Yeah, the payw wall which actually won is this video payw wall. If you can show it real quick. Yeah, we we tried a bunch of like also different designs like this one for example where we show a video and then notification bell >> and then >> the improvements were not not like huge improvements but the there's still like the winning uh sort of varants. I think in our case you know our audience is very price sensitive because it's a it's like majority of them is a younger audience and b and that that's actually a huge factor it's a European audience. If we look if you compare our American uh conversion rate versus our European conversion rate, it's almost double. Like it's a huge difference just because they're American. And that's also something that's worth noting. We made different cohorts because of this reason because we had so many European users. We had to make different sort of cohorts for our AB test. If you can show this real quick, Marty. We made uh three different cohorts. We made a US cohort under 18 and like 18 plus. And if you can show like the ARPU difference, >> you can see here like with the US it's like almost.7 ARPU and if you go non US under 18 it falls to I think 0.3 or something like that. It's like half. >> Yeah. >> It's like a huge difference. We will uh do more US-based distribution because we ourselves we cannot do too much because what we post it it will get shared more in the European space especially on Tik Tok but we we are now going to do UTC and for the UTC it's always important that they have an American sim card and they're based in America because then whatever they post it gets shared to an American or like Canadian audience And as you can see, that's like a huge improvement there. >> I think the two biggest AB tests that we did were first an abandoned transaction payable. We know that in our app, the main issue for cancellations or for not subscribing is price sensitivity, right? So that's where we need to focus on. So that one of them is like if they are like in the pay wall and then they're like, "Oh, never mind. It's too expensive." We show them like another screen that's like 80% off or or something like that. Um to really make them to think twice about it. Pricing is also something that's been important for us there. Like what price are people willing to pay? How like does it pay off and so on? >> That makes sense. Yeah. Recovering some of the abandoned carts, I guess. Could you go back to the video payw wall? That was really interesting. I don't think I've seen a bunch of like that much UGC style video inside payw walls because it started with the face too, right? >> I mean, we sort of want you to visualize yourself using the app. That's like the most eye-catching part of the app. It's the push-ups detection, right? Even here, all the laws of, you know, virality apply. You can think of your onboarding as a short form video pretty much. You want to hook them, you want to increase the watch time, all the same laws apply. And uh pretty much this one just won because it's just eye-catching. I wanted to talk about something really interesting. So we had a call with Jonathan from he was the ex superw wall and >> yeah he told us and and that that's actually super interesting test we can do to actually have a soft payw wall so you can X out of it and you go into the app and you can actually try some of the features but as soon as you press on like the exercise detection which is the main feature you get payw walls because the idea behind that is you get like a like a 15inut budget you you want to scroll on Instagram you unlock it and then you scroll for 15 minutes and when the 15 minutes is over you want to exercise you want to get more minutes but then you get payw wall right when like you have the the highest dopamine you want to continue scrolling but you have to pay first and that's something we we can definitely try and I think it's going to improve a lot as well >> yeah is there anything else you wanted to show on the on the payw wall and the conversions and then the retention >> something interesting as well is I don't know how many people will have both iOS or and Android, but the payables and the pricing are really different between both platforms. For some reason that we still don't know, people are willing to pay more on on Android than on iOS. And also they like this format more than we have on iOS. >> Yeah, it's completely different mindset you need to have for for Android iOS. In our case, actually Android and that that's like contrary to to so much advice we hear. Android actually made us more money and the reason for that is because Europe has way more Android users. Actually, let me check if that's actually true. Is it true, Mario? >> It goes it goes by by seasons. >> Oh, yeah. Look, >> it's like pretty much the same level if not more because we we just get so many Android users like they convert a lot less but they pretty much just like three times more Android users. If you have >> UK users versus >> Yeah. If you have mainly an American audience, this does not make sense. Like ideally, you only even build an iOS version. But if you have a European audience, then you sort of have to create like a an Android version, too, because you're missing out on like 50% of your revenue. >> Like it's it's crazy to see everything blue. >> Still not American. Yeah. But it's not like iOS. >> Is pushing into US audience a priority? >> 100%. Like that's that's our biggest priority. We actually tried to do it ourselves. So, there are many ways you can try it. You you can like try the VPN, you can try the SIM card, but they're all very sketchy. And you know, the likelihood you're going to get Shadowbanned is like 90%. It's like very unlikely nowadays. The best method we found is you actually uh remote control an Android phone which is based in the US. But even there, we got shadowbanned. Like it's really recommended you you do UGC in in in America. you just pay an American student or or someone who's motivated to make videos. You just pay them like a thousand dollars per month. You have some Ubased incentive as well. And yeah, I think that's the best method to sort of penetrate into the US market if you're a European company like ours. >> Have you guys had progress um working with >> US-based UGC creators, US-based students, things like that? We cannot really talk about the insights results we had because we just started this. I guess like we can talk about like the things that apply to everyone. So, so pretty much it's very important that the UTC creators warm their accounts properly. So like three to four days of engaging with the algorithm, you know, following people you want to create posts that are not related to the company. If you immediately start promoting the app, the Tik Tok algorithm is gonna they might like shadowban you. So you want to like post three to four posts, you know, in the general, you know, niche, for example, in our case is how many push-ups can you do like like stuff like that, right? And then you start slowly promoting the app. So that's definitely something that applies to everyone. Besides that, I would always recommend like don't go cheap on, you know, your first four or like five creators. You want a solid backbone, right? If you pay them $400 per month, it's going to show like you won't get the quality. And versus like $1,000, you most likely will will get a lot higher quality videos and it's more likely that that you're going to go viral. >> That's the philosophy we we we sort of use. There's also the philosophy of, you know, mass creation, which in some cases it works and then you can even use AI. But I think we tried it and in our case, you know, investing more into quality is always a better option for us. >> If someone's watching and they want to open up 30K a month organic channel in addition to whatever they're doing right now, what would you say is the first thing that you would do? Because you've done influencer, you've done organic, you've done it with many chat. What do you think is the first thing that someone should do if they're if they have an app already and they're trying to get organic success like you guys have? uh first validate your idea and find something that is inherently viral. If your app is not viral, you can have the best video ever. It's not going to go viral. The video doesn't even have to be good, right? We can make a video about the concept itself even and it's going to go viral because it's inherently such a viral concept. And number two is find videos of your competitors and just copy. Like don't reinvent the wheel of course like don't copy one to one. You want to look at the hooks, specifically the hooks, and you want to dissect why the hook worked. In our case, we we copied this from from another competitor. And we just adapted it slightly. We even improved it a little bit, and it worked. If you see something works in this niche, you can apply it as well to your own niche. And in terms of like where to start, I think first of all, you're not going to have a lot of money when you're starting most likely. So, organic is a really nice way to get some initial views. But then also like when you're trying to do UGC, you don't want to give like the UGC creator like full flexibility on what what you want to do. That's more like influencer, right? So in any case, you want to do organic for sure because if you see a a format that's going viral organically, then that's when you decide, all right, let's do GGC with it to scale it up. Like UGC is more like for scaling from my point of view. Maybe influencers for like more like reach or also some sort of GGC. But organic is also like always a nice way to validate ideas and and to like be in there like knowing knowing everything. >> The most profitable thing you can do is really find a winning format. And in our case that yeah, we found it and we just rinse and repeat until it doesn't work. And ideally you have three to four different formats because if you do the same format it's going to fatigue at some point. That's really like the most profitable thing you can do yourself. And it's also gonna help with with influencers. is going to help with right UGC and especially like ads right for ads you always want to keep creating creatives and right because you want to run all the ads simultaneously and you want the the meta algorithm to optimize >> any tricks or habits to find those winning formats faster >> focus purely on the hook and everything else like 80% of your energy should go into the hook like the hook is so important like I cannot underestimate how important the hook is and you want to look specifically at the skip rate. You know, if you see it's a 30% skip rate, then you know find a different format, iterate on it until your skip rate is around 18% more or less and then you have a you have a winning hook. I would recommend like as well to to join, you know, these creatormies because they they can like break it down a lot better than I can. For example, a really good one is um Mino Lee. So Minoi is this creator and I would really recommend if you have the funds for it to join his program because there you you'll learn like um all the basics of viral content. This guy like definitely join his academy. I think it's like $200 per month but you just go in there one month. You just look at all the knowledge and yeah, you pretty much you're good to go. >> Yeah, I think they're I think they're good. Definitely good content. There's a lot of free content out there as well if you just want to get started like learning how to analyze hooks and think about view retention and all that, but always like, you know, if you want to just get it quick, there's people out there that who have, you know, spent a lot of time on analyzing all this and frameworking it out and then selling their knowledge. So, >> yeah, definitely cool to see that kind of stuff. This was like super packed with really good insights, so I appreciate the time. Thanks so much for for breaking it all down. >> Yeah, it was nice. I hope we didn't uh you know, we didn't talk too much uh stuff. >> Yeah, definitely. No, we have a ton of good moments there like the payw wall, the growth strategies, the many chat, like a lot of really really cool stuff. By the way, this is the Super Wall podcast. We have a lot more interviews on the channel, so check them out. They're all super tactical just like this

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [16/28] The App Marketing Strategy No One Talks About
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyVVLbMgAXc
Duration: 57:27
Words: 10,802

What if the secret to organically growing an app wasn't making content, but making comments instead? And what if you could do it at a scale that seems virtually impossible? You got 7,000 clicks on the campaign. And how many comments did that did that take? >> I believe around 300,000 maybe. Yeah, I I guess around that. >> You did not hear that wrong. 300,000 Instagram comments from one campaign. The crazy thing is this isn't a team of 100 virtual assistants. This is two guys, Nick and Ivan, and an army of automated phones. >> We automated a bunch of physical devices, and we did our own version of Android that can load and unload the ROM of the whole device. So, each account will have basically its own unique phone. >> After 8 years of working together, from running Minecraft servers to building a consumer app for flights, they stumbled upon a new way to grow. and they realize that getting app users on social media is a lot like B2B sales. This this kind of reminds me of cold email a little bit where people are warming up these inboxes and if you want to send, you know, 50,000 cold emails, you have to set up dozens of inboxes and spread the emails across all of these inboxes. They're literally applying the science of cold email to the art of Instagram comments. But the part that blew my mind is that the comments that work best aren't spammy or super subversive or anything like that. They're just straight up transparent. [music] >> When you test these things, you find things that work surprisingly good. So, you might think that being upfront about this being your own app, your own company, and so on would, you know, harm your engagement, but it does the opposite often. So, people like it. >> And with just 60 phones, they're already generating massive results, but they're not stopping. They're scaling to a,000 devices which would be able to post 21 million comments a month. >> What we can do with 1,000 devices. So in one month that's almost 1.5 million videos and 21 million comments. So just just as a you know scale perspective that's like replying to every single person on Mr. Beast reels on Instagram within like a month. >> In this episode, Nick and Ivan pull back the curtain on the future of distribution. The arts of building a technical moat that your competitors can't copy. how to write comments that actually convert with a 15% click-through rate from profile to link and how they're turning this underground agency into a platform to let anyone command an army of automated social media agents. This is the playbook for distribution using a channel you might not have thought of before at a scale you've definitely never seen before. Let's get into it. This is the Superall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer [music] Club. the members in the consumer club Discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their payw walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwall. But one thing you might not know is Superwal has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own payw wall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the podcast. Most people think of app growth through either organic or ads. You're either posting content or you're putting content in ads and people see the content in the ads. But for you guys, you're posting comments on other people's content. So there's other content that's going viral or is relevant to a niche and then you're posting comments and getting users through that. Can you just explain how that works and how you got started figuring this out? >> Yes. So the way it works is uh we create accounts uh we brand them uh we set them up configure them uh and uh the goal is to make the real speed uh of their of these accounts show the trending content in the niche that we want to target. So we don't want to target random content. We want to specifically find like trending viral videos uh or videos that have potential to go viral. So that's why we can't just rely on search. we need to specifically set up the for you page feed in a right way. And uh the way it works is uh we we warm up the accounts using AI filters. So uh we basically set up this uh prompts the system that analyzes the videos what's going on in them and uh it uh finds the videos that are the right fit and we engage with these videos. We skip the videos that we want don't want to engage with. Uh the accounts you can see they are u branded to look like official sub pages for interns of the company that we promote. So if it's an app then that's uh just an account that represents this app and uh yeah the bio fits and uh the link and bio is just the app store. So simple uh on this side. So like I said if if the content is the right fit we engage with it. If it's not we skip it. uh the comments are analyzed to fi 2 so that we see if there's the potential to reply to people and if there's the potential potential to comment on the video if there are tons and tons of uh comments that are like irrelevant then people won't read the comment section so we need to skip it and uh if people are already highly engaged in this comment section then it's probably can be a good idea to also reply there so we see the comments that are a fit and those that are and obviously we skip those that are not relevant and we focus on those that are so comments can look in a lot of ways. There's always multiple sub campaigns to test what works best. There are a ton of approaches that you can take. So, uh one of them for example is we can answer the specific question that people ask in the comment section. The questions are related to the video that is that we target and uh yeah we just target to this uh we just answer this uh questions and then only at the end of the comment we add some sort of CDA to you know check out our page. Uh other option could be instead to ask a question. So our accounts also want to engage in a conversation. So we ask questions to people and then we for example name drop the app. So yeah can be a lot of ways that it can look like uh the third option is for example the story and doesn't even include any kind of call to action but has some sort of engagement starter like mentioning something that is going on on some certain app or even our pages everywhere but like doesn't ask for anything. It just makes people wonder uh and wants to check out our page. Uh so yeah, we see we don't we don't reply to everyone. We don't want to target people who just say thank you, thanks for the video and so on. We only target people who actively engage, who ask questions or state their opinions and so on. So yeah, and comments and replies are basically UGC and text form. So the same principles that apply to UGC videos, they apply to comments and replies. For example, in this uh in this uh comment, we specifically say that uh you know some sort of story and that we use this specific app for uh our exercises. And this naturally makes people wonder what what kind of app are you talking about like what what's this app? And some people will ask it inside our replies and some people will just go straight to profile and go from there. Yeah. Another example is like I said uh positioning our accounts as you know uh workers of this brand, workers of this app or friends of founders. of like founders themselves and so we provide some sort of value first and then mention something about the app. Another option is also like UGC type thing where it's some kind of buddy that recommended the app and so our accounts are going to try it out too. >> So can you go back go back to that first screenshot example in the slide seven? >> Yep. >> Yeah. So can you explain why are these good comments like what are these doing? >> I think it comes down to two things. So obviously the comment must be context dependent. It cannot be copy paste uh you know random thing uh the straight promotion uh it needs to be context dependent. It needs to talk about what's going on in the video and what people already talking about in the comments. So the comment itself has to be of good quality. Uh for example it it starts with a story which already makes people you know it's like a hook inside the videos but the same thing applies to text. Uh and yeah in it ends with a very soft like it's not even a call to action. It's just a mention like you know saying a fact and uh yeah that that makes people engage with this content. The second part of it is not just the the comment itself is the video under which it's posted and the timing of the video. So uh if we find the videos that have viral potential and we one of the f first people to post under it uh then our comment will be on the top and it will have much more potential to you know go kind of go viral inside the comment section and if the video is already too old then there's basically no point to you know uh leave a comment there because they won't go viral. It's interesting like yeah so basically the scripts for these comments uh this one says like once I tried working out by myself thinking I was an expert just because I watched a few videos. Let's just say I ended up with all my muscles sore and spent a week in bed laughing emoji. It's wild how much I learned though. Now I use an app for my exercises. So it's like that's the soft CTA you're talking about. And so then how does that actually work? Do people then wonder like, oh, what I wonder what app they're they're using and then they ask in the reply and then you follow up again with the name of the app or are they going and clicking the profile and seeing a link in bio? >> We actually do both. Uh so sometimes people can uh just reply and we will follow up on them. It's actually something that we developed somewhat recently. And also uh all of our accounts have either a mention uh of our client in the bio or uh just a website link to the client's app. >> Interesting. And these are like this is multiple comments on a single on a single post then. >> Yep. >> Yeah. It depends on the algorithm. Sometimes we just post multiple comments and sometimes we do a lot of replies depending on the video itself. >> Yeah. >> Interesting. Okay. Okay. So, this is like the story format. And then could you go to slide eight again? Okay. And then these are Let's see. This says, "Calories can vary so much based on what you use. Instead of counting them, focus on how these pancakes can fuel your day with nutrients. If you're curious about smart eating habits, check out the health app co-ounded by my friends and me. It has tips just like this." So, that was more of a hard CTA. Um, still not naming the app, right? but >> a little bit more of a like, hey, I'm actually a founder of this app. I'm providing like a useful comment about uh calories. It's like an educational comment, but also I'm being very transparent up front that hey, I am I'm talking about my company here, but I imagine at scale if you post like, you know, [music] if you post this on every video about calories, it starts to add up. Like this comment has 800 likes. So, how many like how many uh people should you expect to click on the profile on a comment that has something like 800 likes? >> Uh oh, yeah. It heavily depends on the call to action. Uh in this case, and yeah, it's it's not trackable to be clear, but um based on this one, it's like it it can usually be like thousands of profile visits surprisingly. So, some people don't even press like, they just go straight to profile. And uh yeah, then the question is how many of them will click uh on the link? And that's why the profile branding is also very important because we want to optimize for people who not just click on our profile and and leave but to either engage with our profiles which would feature for example the uh content about the app and obviously click on the link in bio to you know install the app. The interesting thing is that this kind of confounder angle uh that you know me and my friends created this app it worked like surprisingly well. So we didn't expect that but yeah when you test these things you uh find things that work surprisingly good. So uh yeah you might think that you know being upfront about you know this being your own app your own company and so on would uh you know harm your engagement but it does the opposite often. So people like it people like you being upfront and this is not something that they usually encounter. Yeah, I feel like you see that same it's almost like an anti- pattern where the established normal pattern is everyone trying to be covert and trying to be like hidden advertising, but I feel like people value authenticity and like things just stand out when you go against the grain. Um, kind of reminds me of Reddit posts where like uh these artist posts that go viral where it's like the person with their face like holding up their piece of art and it's like those get a lot more engagement than just the art itself because like I don't know people just people like that oh this person's like building a company and they're passionate about enough to you know share it with random people in Instagram comments. It's like a um it's a way to like create the connection. And then you said the second step of that connection is actually when the people go to the profile and then you see the profile. So could you go back up to the where you where you showed me that first profile? Yeah. So this is like um Lena the wellness girl. So this is not an example of one of the founder profiles or would you use this also for >> it's it's sim it's similar. So it it says representing and then the app name. So yeah for example for example within this bundle of like social agents as we call them uh you would have certain you know angles to see which one of them for example convert better from profile to actual click right and very important part of it is bio and the name of the account uh and and the content on the account so that's why for example it can it can go like on this screenshot saying like uh fitness and tech but it also can start with saying that you know I founded this app and the name of the app, for example. So, and then we'll see which one of them will work better. >> Yeah, I feel like founder stories generally do pretty well on Tik Tok and Instagram. Like I've I've heard of a lot of app founders doing uh pretty good like founder content for UGC. So, I guess it makes sense that it would also work in comments. >> Yeah, in this one the kind of again it's it's not necessarily call to actions in you know as they usually are. It just says that, you know, my buddy recommended some kind of app and I'm going to try it out. So, it's also kind of this soft approach, but it but it again at least it includes something at the end of the comment, right? To point the people into to our direction because usually if you have nothing uh at the end of the comment, then like you're kind of expecting people to just visit your profile on their own like curiosity. And there are things and there are hacks that you can uh use to also use that to your advantage of course. Uh but yeah, usually you want at least something inside the comment to you know point people in the right direction. Yeah, this one on the left just says that about the app that uh you know our uh page loves uh and that it offers some kind of tips. Now this one surprisingly also got like a lot of engagement uh from people uh I guess because it's it's very specific especially at the beginning of the comment like it specifically talks about the condition that is uh you know the video is about so and that it affects daily life. So yeah, uh this one might look like something more on the more hard pitch side, but it still works sometimes. The right one is also interesting because it doesn't say about the app, it talks about the clip about the app. So it's like uh it's like they it directs people to our profile to check the video. And we are using something like this a lot right now for example. So we'll do even more uh approach like that because it also it also makes people like wonder like uh talking about the app it's kind of more direct and not not everyone is ready to install another app but watching another video while they are on Instagram that's a an interesting thing. So that makes them visit the profile and engage from there. As I'm reading all these examples of different angles for the comments, it makes me think that there must have been a pretty long iteration process for you guys to figure out what types of content are in the meta right now and start to saturate and start to feel like AI comments >> and lead which like leads you to pivot and [music] continue to try to stand out. Is that accurate? Do you feel like you always have to get ahead of like what consumers are used to and then changing up the content? >> Yeah, even even more than that they change with time. Yes, we we don't only want to stay ahead for the consumer behavior but also to algorithms. For example, uh there was a situation when u uh one of our angles for one of our clients uh it worked for two two weeks and then it just stopped working without any changes on our site. it just Instagram would start detecting it and uh just wouldn't even let it through. And we fixed that by changing it. Even within the same angle, we still use different like prompts uh to you know different examples, different context for AI to generate them better. >> I'm curious. Let me let's like zoom out and I want to learn about your guys like founding story. Like how did you get into >> this Instagram? Did it start with Instagram comments or was there something before? Yeah, we've worked together for like the last eight years as a team and uh we've started uh as a Minecraft modeling team. So, we had a Minecraft server and uh went tech heavy on it. We did a bunch of custom uh games and uh like uh modes and uh uh eventually it was very fun. We learned like a lot of development stuff and a lot of how to talk to people, how to get uh customers, how to get uh more money out of our customers and stuff like this was very funny. Um eventually it got acquired and we uh pivoted at the time to even more uh tech heavy private blockchain development and uh after uh that uh we decided to develop a AI uh native uh plane ticket search basically. Uh so that was a B2C app and uh we had to reinvent basically we had to find the way to find uh clients and uh one of our buddies at the time recommended us trying Tik Tok UGC style videos. Uh they were just uh on the horizon back then. So with our technical background we've uh decided to just uh automate Tik Tok instead of just recording these videos. So uh yeah [clears throat] we got uh 100 million views out of it. Uh we uh mostly we just promoted our clients music. Then we switched to Instagram uh because of the Tik Tok ban. Yeah. So that's our story. >> So you were building your your own flights app, a consumer app, and you were trying to promote it through Tik Tok. So you did Tik Tok content automation. What? you got hundreds of millions of views on Tik Tok. What were those what was that content about? >> Yeah, mostly mostly it was memes and uh sometimes it was videos made by our clients. So, UGC type videos, videos that are requested from their uh main accounts, uh videos with some edits. Uh and yeah, mostly it was like pure entertainment. >> I see. So, it wasn't promoting anything. >> Some of them are promotional uh and some of them are not. But uh yeah, some of them were just uh more on the uh again soft pitch side and uh yeah we we did the same thing for example with watermarks. So we test a lot of things. >> Interesting. What was the most interesting result that you got from the the Tik Tok views? uh in terms of views like I would say the most there were crazy results all the time like uh some accounts they perform amazingly well like since day one and you just you just don't expect this type of results but they uh but you get them so like 200,000 views on the sec on the first video and uh one one time I believe we even had like 900,000 views on the first video that was crazy times uh the highest we got per one video was around 2 million views and it it was also very surprising Because yeah, the video it was actually an image and it just showed some kind of random thing without any kind of text without anything like we had we had promotion in the description but we the video itself is is just a static image and people just went crazy like 2 million views and I don't remember like tens of thousands of comments I think. So it's it's like crazy. >> So all of these like viral Tik Toks were mostly just >> Was it kind of like a proof of concept for you guys? let's just try to go viral on Tik Tok. There was no like business behind it necessarily. >> I would say uh it was part of the business to just prove the concept that our uh automation uh system can uh run Tik Tok accounts and they can get a lot of views and also we did promotion for the like we included uh the music of our clients in these Tik Toks and uh they made for uh 1 million views. Yeah, one of the goals that we wanted to reach at at that time was to make people film their own videos uh by you know first so we use the client's music inside our video and people just uh click on the sound and click use this sound and record their own videos and so for example when we included call to actions about this specific action. So go and film out your own video uh we had like we had results from this but yeah on the business side uh it wasn't like it wasn't the best thing ever. It was more of a proof of concept than proof of the technical detail because we are not we ourselves are not a content creation team and uh this type of thing requires client to you know provide their own content or provide concepts for the content uh and so on and yeah we had to do everything our most of the things ourselves and uh yeah this this is too difficult. So that's one of the biggest reasons why we switched to comments because comments are much easier to iterate and we can just focus on you know coming up with creative ideas and developing tech. >> So that's that's an interesting nuance that I don't think many people like are going to catch. So what you just said is that you don't make the content. So when you were making Tik Toks all you did was automate the posting of the content. So can you just explain why is that necessary? Why? Like that's you said that that's your that was almost your whole business just the automation of the posting while your clients would actually make the content. So why why was that so valuable? Um or why is that so valuable to businesses? >> I would start with the fact that beside besides the uploading itself, it's also account engagement and account warm-up. So you want your accounts to not just uh post videos and leave the app. You want them to engage with the app. We want them to engage with other people and so on. And this is a lot of work like uh why why companies wouldn't do it themselves? Well, they do, but this requires hiring VAS, hiring clippers, hiring people that you need to manage most of the time. And uh these people uh even then if you were able to manage all of them, they are still people and they can't do a thousand things at once. They can't automate. They can't uh use 1,000 phones at once, most of them at least. And so yeah, this is a question of scale. This is the question of uh practicality and the question of do you want to manage a ton of people uh who often don't want to be managed and do want to do their own thing or do you want like the system that works just 24/7 uh like with very little moderation on your side. >> Okay. So it's a question of scale. When companies like when businesses like post content, they're not just posting on a single account. They're posting on how many accounts would they post on? >> Yep. I I think a lot of businesses want to do as as much as possible >> and uh the more accounts you have on one device uh the less trust you will have from the social media. I think on Tik Tok you can add somewhat close to 10 accounts per one device and the more you have the less trust you get the less views you get the less engagement you get. Basically algorithm detects that you are uh abusing it and that's it. >> So normal people can't run too many accounts. So what you're saying is the there there's there's kind of like a value chain in this whole like organic content economy where it starts with the content creation. So you make the content and then you well even before that it's like figuring out what what content to make in the first place. So content strategy and like creative research. Um then it's okay now how do I take these concepts and strategy and make a bunch of content. So that's like generative AI platforms. And then third is how do we actually post the content? Because like you just said, Tik [music] Tok and Instagram have, you know, anti-botting algorithms and they don't want you to have too many accounts on a single phone. And they definitely don't want you to have, you know, 100 accounts all posting um, you know, content all the time, every day. >> But you guys do that. Um, so what does it take to be able to do that? >> [music] >> We automated a bunch of physical devices and uh uh we did uh our own version of Android uh that can load and unload the ROM of the whole device. So each account uh will have basically its own unique phone. By this design, we can just change account uh by demand uh giving us like I like 20 accounts on Instagram and around like I think 100 or 200 accounts on Tik Tok per day per device. And uh with uh with all of that we also have our own system how to uh press buttons uh to be undetected by the algorithm. how to will basically how to interact with the phone in a way that ith will think that we are actual real humans. >> It's pretty insane. That's like the that's kind of like the core like secret sauce of this whole thing. And it's it is a real bottleneck for certain scale. Like once you crack an organic format, imagine what you do next. Well, you want to multiply it. You want to post it like five more times. >> What are you going to do? Post it five more times on like one single account? Probably not. Like if you're going to post a hundred times, you know, and it's a format that works really well, then you're probably going to need more accounts, more phones. So you guys like have that infrastructure. So um >> yeah. >> Yeah, that's really interesting. What do you think is the limitation? Like why are why are more people not doing this? >> Well, at first a lot of companies are starting to do that actually. I think UGC uh stuff is just uh starting to show up on our radars. Just a couple of years ago, there was like a few companies that did that and right now we have uh VCs investing in uh phone uh infrastructure startups and uh yeah uh quite a bunch of them actually. So I think it will be the future of content distribution in the very short uh period of time. It feels like this is a very like almost controversial topic in the I guess like app or creator economy or UGC space. And if you think about it like right now all the platforms Tik Tok, Instagram, Meta like they have all of the leverage. They have literally infinite like power. They have all the distribution, right? Like what else are you going to spend like 6 hours a day on like there's no apps that really contest like Tik Tok, Tik Tok, Instagram, YouTube and startups seem like they're kind of fighting back and and like you said VCs are almost like funding this idea that let's just you know like these platforms have their rules because they want to protect their platforms against like people taking distribution into their own hands. And it seems like you guys are like part of that like that startup wave of like let's try to like sidestep their game almost. It's a completely new world. I think normally I on this channel I I talk to a lot of um founders that are doing UGC sort of by the book, but something something that not a lot of people think about is UGC organic is inherently competitive to to Tik Tok's interest. like they don't want you to go viral with UGC [music] and make money from it because they would rather have you spend money on ads, right? Like if you're just paying creators, Tik Tok gets none of that on a big picture. Like they're incentivized for masscaled UGC operations, they're incentivized for those to just not work, which is why they fight so hard to like uh shut down these kinds of things. So does that ever scare you guys? Like do you feel like you're up against kind of this like huge machine that's always trying to like shut you down? >> Not at all actually. It's quite uh the opposite on Instagram. Uh like only like the smallest percentage of people are creating the content. Most of the people are consuming the content. So there is uh like a giant gap between uh content creators and content consumers. So we with uh with any content that performs which is the only content that works in terms of uh advertisement in terms of UGC uh that does perform you are helping the social media app actually you're uh filling this endless well you're filling the void uh of uh missing content for people to consume. Social media apps are craving people that create content, great content. And uh if we distribute content that doesn't perform, that doesn't doesn't get any views, doesn't get any engagement, then well, nobody's afraid of that. Why would you be? Uh nobody's going to see it. Uh it doesn't harm anyone. So yeah, only the content that doesn't that does perform shows up on the feed. And if it if it shows up in the feed, it uh gets social media engagement up uh therefore we are helping the social medias. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Uh I would also add to it that it it's really even more relevant in like underserved niches like there are categories of content that not that many people create but people want to consume. And so if like Instagram and Facebook, they want to like have everyone on their platform that they would need to serve their interests. And then again uh for their own ads, they need to be able to target people who express interests in certain things. And why wouldn't they would like to do it from within their platform? when people consume like things inside the categories that they want to consume, uh the meta would be able to target them and show them ads in this specific niche. So, that's a win-win. >> So, when you reach out to creators and you're about to invest into organic social and maybe boosting those videos with paid ads, you don't want to just let the creators do whatever they want. Most of the app founders I talked to on this channel basically have the same content philosophy. The videos need to go viral but also convert and promote an app and ideally are also repeatable. And those formats are like gems and really hard to find. That's why Tik Tok can sometimes feel like a lottery system. So what a lot of consumer club members do is they use this tool called spy talk which brain rot scrolls hundreds of thousands of Tik Toks and just finds the most viral ones that promote apps. So here I search for fitness, gym, workouts. Let's say you like run a fitness app. I'm gonna sort by most viral. And here's this 106x outlier video that promotes a fitness app. And it shows a text hook. It shows the image in the background. And then on the second slide, it has this CTA in a really creative way. And spy talk has been the secret weapon for growth strategy for 11 Labs and AMO and Voodoo, which is the app studio that owns Bereal. So I recommend Spy Talk. It really is the only other tool I explicitly recommend on this channel other than Superwall. Yeah, >> that's that's a really interesting take and I feel like that actually is that take is has evidence to back it up because if you look at um like the meta AI or Sora, they're completely leaning into the idea that yeah, there's underserved um content needs and like there's big audiences that want certain types of content. Let's not wait for other people to make it. We'll just make it ourselves. So now they have full feeds of just pure AI content. Some people say that's dystopian, but from the platforms perspectives, >> they see that people want certain types of content, so they're supplying it. Um, what what was in the rest of this um of these slides and we we can keep going. >> Yeah, this is just the overview of the funnel. Yeah, if you want that. I'm not sure that. >> Yeah, this is interesting. Yeah. So yeah, explain this funnel. Yeah. So the commenting uh funnel is very simple. Uh basically uh once we found people to reply to or once we found videos to comment on uh we obviously post our things and people see the comment that they like they uh if if the comment doesn't mention the specific app then the only option for the person is to either uh reply to us and ask about the app that we promote or visit our profile. uh once we visit once they visit our profile they engage with content that we have and the goal is for them to click on a link and bio and once they do that they obviously get to the app store or uh the website that we promote or the main uh IG page of the brand that we promote. So some some accounts don't even have links in bio they just have mentions in bio and mention leads to the main brand page which obviously is full of content and social proof and so on and yeah from there they just convert. So it's uh installs, signups, email optins, follows uh on socials and so on. This is just the results for one of the campaigns and uh yeah the next slide will show even like you know more concrete details. So the campaign is the campaign that we run is uh USA based healthcare app. So it's about uh fitness, it's about nutrition, it's about sleep quality and yeah the campaign is still ongoing and so far we did like almost a half of the campaign and based on the metrics that we have we project like this campaign to bring like 4x to return. The numbers are here. >> So the the main thing that's interesting here is the clicks. So, you got 7,000 clicks um on the campaign. And how many comments did that did that take? >> I believe around 300,000 maybe. Yeah, I I guess around that. >> 300,000 comment 300,000 Instagram comments and you got 7,000 clicks on that. So, like how many of those comments are actually getting a decent number of likes and kind of like hitting the algo so to speak within the comment section? smallest percentage of uh comments are getting enough exposure to generate the results. So like with uh the UGC videos you get like uh 100 videos now of them like 10 are performing great and others are kind of low and so you generate your almost entire results with uh [music] just a small percentage of the >> right cont. >> Yeah. Yeah. The important part is that in the beginning we have a lot of problems with this uh campaign. So in the beginning you basically like you post comments and you get nowhere and so you have to iterate you have to change angles completely not just you know slight changes but significant changes and so it took some time for us to figure out that you know these angles that we showed before like co-founder angles and friend made this with me uh angle that this angles actually work and then again like I said it's an ongoing process so within the within the sub campaigns that we run we also need to do this tweaks and changes like changing the whole account identities uh like the way that they look. Uh so that's also very important. Uh some a lot of comments are just like experimental ones. >> How many comments are you posting on each phone per day? You know, 3,000 300,000 comments in total. That I'd imagine that's got to be a lot of phones and a lot of comments per account. >> Yeah. Yeah. I would say actually not. So our current like size of our intra is pretty small and so we are able to achieve even this results with a very small amount of devices and u uh the the numbers are basically the phones uh on Instagram we run from 12 to 24 account accounts per day per each phone and uh each account posts uh up to 60 comments. So that's it. Yeah, >> 60 comments a day. That's that's pretty crazy. So, it's like, you know, 10 to 20 accounts per phone. And then, um, that's a lot of accounts per phones. And that's I guess that's because of some of the, you know, remote uh I don't know exactly how you guys do it, but you know, the the tech stuff that you're that you're doing. Um, and then 60 accounts. This is kind of reminds me of cold email a little bit where people are warming up these inboxes. And I think the standard nowadays is like, you know, you can only send like 15 emails per day and you have to spread that across like a 100 different mailboxes. So if you want to send, >> you know, 50,000 cold emails, you have to set up, you know, dozens of inboxes and spread the emails across all of these inboxes. Yeah. Do you feel like this has parallels to the cold email? Do you guys talk to like cold email people at all? >> Uh, we didn't talk much to cold email people. just I remember can I can only remember one person but uh it's really an awesome analogy because even with like uh cold email with instantly you have this uh automatic uh warm-up where you would literally send the emails that are less uh like you know have less potential to go to spam than like your normal uh you know sales emails right and we do basically the same thing like some of our comments are so harmless like they have no call to actions at all they have no mentions of anything just to show that, you know, this is an uh this is a good account. This is an account that engage like a normal person. So sometimes they would mention something that they did with their friends and sometimes they would just talk about what's going on in the video and that's it. So yeah, same thing as in cold email. That's really wild. It's like uh that's so crazy to think about. And a lot of people don't even realize that that's how all of these B2B SAS companies that raise, you know, hundreds of millions of dollars, they're all they all run on cold email. They all run on sending what some people would think of as like spammy content, but that's how you do outbound. It's like you just have to uh reach a ton of eyeballs and a certain percentage of those people will be interested and send a reply or you know visit your website and yeah it seems like this idea is like coming into into B toc and I guess it's kind of always been here but you guys are kind of >> leading like a pretty interesting angle on it. Cool. Is what was the next slide? >> Yep. That's a bit about like scaling potential. So you ask us how many devices uh we have and this is kind of a small uh math thing about like what we can do with 1,000 devices. So 1,000 devices is let's say on average is 60,000 active accounts. So 60 accounts per phone. Kind of small number. We can go higher but let's settle on this uh number. So each each one of them posts three videos a day and 45 comments a day like not even 60 which is also possible. And so in one month that's almost [music] 1.5 million uh videos and 21 million comments. So just just as a you know scale perspective that's like replying to every single person on Mr. Beast reels on Instagram within like a month. So that's a crazy amount of exposure that you can get. And obviously like with campaign of this size people will start talking about this like posting about it on Twitter, posting about it on uh like Reddit, posting articles like you know discussing this and this basically makes the company go viral. So that's and that's with one month of posting. >> How many devices do you have right now? Is it a thousand? >> Right now we only have 60 because of the optimizations that we can do on the phones. It's enough to provide uh valuable results. Yeah, but it's thousand is not big by the way. So like thousand is the first step and then like it's it's thousands from there. >> Yeah. So you guys want to scale this more. So you have 60 phones right now. You want to have you know a,000 um which could create 21 million comments per month. Thousand is just the beginning. Like you could do >> more and create you know hundreds of millions of comments a day. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. Yeah, >> that's our plan. >> Interesting thing that you said was like there's a gap in the market where there's audiences that want content and there isn't enough there aren't enough people to make that content. So, what you're saying is if you if you have thousands of devices making all this content, will all the will the majority of the content in the feed including the comments be like completely AI in the future? I actually believe this will be the future because most of the time uh like 99% of the time uh ress that you see in your feed aren't from your friends, they're from some big creators that uh do this uh all the time. So uh social aspect of of uh social media is actually not creating the content or consuming the content that your friends uh produced but uh is sharing this content between your friends. So most of the time people just uh share uh memes and uh well useful videos like tips and advices and stuff like this between themselves and the group or between individuals. So that's the actual social aspect of the social media. >> That makes sense. Yeah. And I guess what you're doing is you're basically just replacing these big content teams like these production teams where you're saying that the content out there already is automated. It's just not completely AI generated, but it's still automated in a way because there's a huge team with tons of money behind it to create super high volumes of content like the Mr. Beast channel and the dozens of other channels that that company has. Um, and now you can automate maybe [music] Mr. Beast is not going to AI, you know, all his videos, but if a team that is smaller than Mr. doesn't have that production capacity, wants to create more content, they're probably going to need to leverage AI in some way to, you know, get the volume up. It's almost the case. Uh, but I don't feel like we are replacing them. I feel like we are creating ways to work with them. Like there are guys that uh will provide you a ton of uh UGC videos for money. they will uh hire a bunch of students and they will just pay them for the content that they create. So we can just redistribute this content uh instead of these uh students they can just focus on the video creation and not the account warm-ups and stuff like this and uh huge teams uh I don't think we are going to kill them because they put so much effort and uh well care into their content. I think uh like they will be evergreen and uh again with some of them we can just work together to create more of their cont content and distribute it uh quicker. >> Yeah, you're like arming the rebels uh in a way but you know there's >> I'm sure there's cert certain amounts of AI that all that like teams of any size could could implement. >> Ivan, would you tell more about uh the AI thing? I think we have a friend in the niche. Yeah. So I would say that it works uh positively for both like AI and uh like purely uh human humanmade uh like content because uh again for humans it will allow you to just you know you just create videos and every single part about social media works on autopilot. So you don't need to manage any accounts. You don't need to manage like anything. You just create videos one click and everything is working. So I I think that's like the and that's the near future that will be possible soon. So even if you don't use a lot of AI, you would still get so much more productive by removing this like boring tasks that it's already a lot of value. And for AI like AI as of now the AI videos uh especially especially videos they aren't that good yet. uh but able to but like pretty soon they will become better and better like we already noticed it like every month there's looks like some kind of advancement in video genai and so we have a friend uh in the Higsfield team one of the biggest video genis out there and we have also we also know people from other like startups in the space so and we'll get like we'll know even more of them because we want to work together we want to basically amplify both of our systems like uh they they help create the videos and we help distribute them. So that's a win-win for both parties, right? With time uh I believe like even outside of like fully AI made videos, the AI will help to you know create human uh videos even more productively. So you know fixing some small mistakes, fixing fixing things that are very tedious to edit. So a lot of video editing AI is also starting to uh be created that is professional that is not just you know a one-click uh you know video repurposing that's simple uh but actually fixing the specific problems that video editors and video production teams have and so AI plays like a giant role in like making this whole industry even more efficient I believe and even more like being able to come up with more creative ideas which is the key point at the end of the day like people want this controversial, new, unique, uh, interesting ideas, uh, and they want to see them in like across all sorts of mediums, including videos and images, too. >> Makes sense. >> Yeah. This just an example counts. >> I see. So, this is 5,690 profile activity. Okay. So, that's like 4,900 visits, profile visits, and 700 of those like 5,000 people are clicking the link in bio. Yep. >> Um, so that's that's decent. That's what what's that? 7 750 divided by 5K. That's like 15%. That's actually like a decent clickthrough rate. Is that like a a good um benchmark that you guys go for? 15%. >> It varies. Depends on the campaign. I think it's from like uh it can be 3% in some bad cases. uh it it can be like up to I think our best was about 50 or 60% when the content was engaging and the profile uh was uh set up in the right way. >> But I'd say 15% is a good benchmark. Yeah. >> Yeah. So I wanted to talk about like how people can access this. Like you said that you serve clients right now and you'll do like the the mass commenting as a service. So I understand that you guys kind of like have a agency service around that but then you when we were talking earlier you said that you're working on a platform as well. >> So we'll build an MVP like within a week. So it's it's very you know it it's our highest priority right now basically. So we want to we wanted to provide this as a platform for quite a long time now. Uh and uh yeah the way it will work is as you can see you'll be able to manage your whole like fleet of uh social agents. So for example the the main platforms is uh the main platforms are Tik Tok and Instagram right and so across each of the networks you have this uh dashboard when we can see which one which every single account is doing so what are they doing at this exact moment and uh yeah you can see like even the specific uh you know flows that they go through. Dominic, if you can scroll down, uh yeah, you'll see detailed stats that will show like your uh total um engagement and total results and total volume of content and uh comments and other things. And you'll also be able to break them down by each agent uh and export them in like beautiful format. And the way that you'll create this automations is you basically you'll be able to just type it in plain English and you'll get this whole flow built for you. You can then customize it the way you want or you can ask AI to customize it. Uh the second option is to select one of the community templates. So since this will be a platform where like everyone can use it, uh we'll know which uh approaches work the best and so you'll be able to customize them again for your specific use case and just use one of those and we'll give you a few of our own templates. Like the right now, like you said, we provide the comments uh as a as a service, but you won't need us for this. you'll just be able to click uh one click uh within this uh uh dashboard and you'll get your own like service. So basically that's the same thing that we use right now on our back end. You'll have access to it directly and you can do whatever you want with them. You can test different approaches uh at scale uh and so on. Yeah. The last one is just you'll be able to obviously also control the branding for uh each agent. So can change their names, can change their bios, every everything that is available from within the apps. You can do like the same goes for even Instagram stories and highlights. So they would never look like bots that people usually do and talk about. This will look like purely like humanmade accounts. >> Mhm. Yeah, this is really fascinating. I think one thing that comes to mind whenever a niche way of doing distribution becomes productized into a platform like this is it makes me think um there's not that many people who know the art of doing that service. So for example, if you do viral Tik Tok UGC with just regular humans and you try to turn that and that's an agency and someone do does that as as a service where they, you know, manage each creator, they come up with the hooks, they do 30 minutes a day of scrolling and finding winning formats. That's like that's the art of it. And then the science of it is how do you scale that across like a bunch of different people um and build a process around it. And what you guys are doing here is kind of like building a process around IG commenting. But I would I would think that if people are signing up to do this, you still have to have the art side of it. Like you can't just click a couple buttons and then your startup blows up, you know, like there's there has to be strategy and not everyone who uses, you know, a platform and automates the logistics of the thing is necessarily going to win. So what do you think is that core thing that people need to be thinking about? If all the of the logistics is automated away and they want to do mass commenting, how can someone get really good at figuring out how to actually manage this the creativity side? >> That's a good question and I think it applies to any kind of platform like the same thing goes for Facebook ads for example or Google ads for any kind of ads. Uh like if you if you want good results you need to work on it right you can't just expect the platform to do everything for you. So yeah, the good options I mean they are quite obvious. You need like like they always say copyrightiting and storytelling. So like we said in the like we showed in the examples before uh the comments cannot be strictly promotional. You can't just spam one thing and expect results from this. No the platform and nor the audience are going to like it. So you need to you need to came up with the structure of the of each comment uh so that it will capture people's attention and then convert them right. So make them curious to visit your profile or make them curious to go to the app store and type in your app name. Uh whatever you're trying to achieve, you would need like these basic principles like the a framework or any kind of other copyrightiting framework that there are. And we'll I guess we'll show uh some like simple guides from within the platform to like direct people into the right way. Uh but yeah, it's h the people who already know how to do it will just be able to scale their skills um infinitely with this. Uh, and yeah, people who are just starting out, they'll have to learn a little bit. >> How did you guys get good at copywriting? Because you've done it for a few clients and it seems like you you've gotten pretty good results. So, curious how you guys like got good at copyrightiting. >> Just a ton of iterations actually. Sometimes you just uh sit and watch a video and uh and then go come up in your head because you just uh heard uh something in the video. Uh so sometimes we just brainstorm uh any uh angles uh and then we just come up with a few examples and sometimes well AI can suggest a few well I wouldn't say suggest a few ideas but the directions of ideas that's just a creative process I guess. Yeah, I think I think I would add that a lot of YouTube videos. So like I personally watched a ton of them. Uh and audio books too like uh influence uh one of the best like books about practical psychology and so it the same things applies to copyrightiting to video creation to to anything like to any sort of communication between uh people. So um yeah I guess that's what people should also consume if they want to you know do it and then it it comes to practice. So you start with some principles. Uh the YouTube is full full of videos that you know talk about it and then you just go and practice it in a while and you get better with editing. >> Last question to you guys. Is there any Yeah. What's next for you guys? What are you excited about? And yeah, what's next? What are what are you guys excited about? >> Right now we are developing our platform. We are getting the MVP. We are getting our first uh design partners and uh also we are doing all the paperwork right now to get uh to get to USF in a couple of months. Uh uh we have uh a few friends there that uh want to talk with us and uh yeah uh working on this stuff. >> Awesome. Well, yeah, I'll I'll leave your your links and everything in the description so people can check you out. And yeah, thanks so much for the talk. This is like a little more unconventional than uh what I normally put on the channel, but I'm someone who always loves learning about what is on the absolute edge of distribution. I was calling things like clipping or UGC like a year or two ago. I was like every consumer app should be doing this and people were like no like this is ridiculous. Like ads, >> you know, influencers are better or ads are better. And there's a lot of other things that I also called that were wrong. So, I'm not saying I'm like a crystal ball, but if if you want to innovate and be at the edge of distribution, like you kind of I think it's helpful to look at like new things and this is like definitely really interesting and you can take away things uh like a lot of learnings from it. >> One more thing that I wanted to say is uh we actually got uh a couple of our first uh design partners from your uh consumer club. It's uh actually pretty interesting because we had a friend that uh was a longtime member of your club and he suggested that he would post like a little post about our work uh I I think about a year ago and uh we yeah we got our uh I guess best performing clients out of your club. So thanks for that and I uh well I suggest everyone to join it. [laughter] >> That's awesome. I did not prompt this uh consumer club pitch, but I appreciate the testimonial. It's great to hear that you found like really good talent uh from the group. That's that's great to hear. Thanks for being on the pod, guys. >> Thank you so much for the opportunity. >> Yeah, thanks a lot. >> Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord, sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So, you can apply to join consumer club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwall podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwhile.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [17/28] The Secrets of Consumer Club: Insights from Joseph Choi - Superwall Podcast
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9agAuKOOPg
Duration: 91:54
Words: 17,305

All right, we're back with another Superwall podcast. Today I have Joseph, who is the founder of the Esteemed Consumer Club. Joseph is the guy that everyone wants to go to if they want to know how to blow up their consumer app. Um, and I think we have a lot of interesting stuff to get into today. So, um, let's start with introductions. Joseph, um, as I said, founder of Consumer Club. Would love to hear a little bit more sort of about your background and, um, what led to you starting Consumer Club and then we can actually dive into what, uh, Consumer Club is and why so many people are in it and talking about it. For sure. Yeah. Um, yeah, I actually just kind of accidentally found myself in this like app space. I'm kind of just a an internet marketer. Like I've always just been interested in how to make money online. And that is weird. Like I I think I I've always thought about distribution and growth hacks and finding underpriced channels and stuff like that cuz I started out in drop shipping and e-commerce. I just went on YouTube when I was in college and I was like how to make money online and I found like these videos how to start a drop shipping store on Shopify and do like Facebook ads and stuff. Um cuz in 2018 I think you know Facebook ads was still somewhat underpriced. Uh I did like Instagram meme pages. But anyway, I I worked in tech, like worked at Google for a while as well. I did startup consulting. But um Consumer Club basically is just the place on the internet that I always wish existed, which is combining the uh kind of the scrappy growth hack people with the really smart like product minded um just scalable like people who think and scale like um how how do you build a tech company out of these uh uh growth hacks instead of just doing you know drop shipping Not that drop shipping is bad. I think drop shipping taught me a lot about business and marketing, but um so consumer club is a place where app founders come to learn uh from each other about just chasing the current distribution edge and trying to find um how to how to go viral on Tik Tok. Um go going viral on Tik Tok is kind of the the thing right now, but who knows what it is in like a year or two. Maybe a Tik Tok doesn't exist and is something else, but it's really about how do you how do you find an edge um in this business? Awesome. Okay. So, it sounds like you had sort of a background in tech. Um grew up on the internet as a lot of these sort of like internet money um marketers or or product builders do and you were looking for a place to sort of collect like a community of of people like yourself who are who are good at what they do and who are able to make money online. Is that right? And that's sort of what the genesis was for Consumer Club. Totally. Yeah. Got it. Awesome. Okay. So, cool. So, um Consumer Club for those who don't know, it's a it's a Discord community, right? And there are founders who range from, you know, indie solo indie devs making, you know, upwards of millions of dollars in ARR um all the way to venture-backed founders who are taking, you know, these really big swings at like billion dollar um markets, right? Um, and I think the thing that's really interesting to me about this sort of uh group of people is while, you know, the sort of swings that they're taking might be different, right? Like an indie dev, you know, like a solo founder versus like, you know, a ventureback founder who who might have raised millions of dollars. Um, it sounds like everyone's sort of collected in this community because everyone's sort of seeking that same thing, which is like this edge and distribution, right? And you kind of referenced it a little bit um at at the beginning there, but I'd love to hear a little bit more just from like your you know sort of your own perspective like is that right? Like these despite these founders, you know, being seemingly different, everyone's kind of seeking the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I mean I think that's I mean isn't that what business is about? Like you're trying to find some sort of edge and like fill a gap in the market. And whether your goal is to make $10 million and then like go like sit on a beach or if it's like to change the world and like build this like VCbacked company. Um either way like you want to figure out what consumers want and like solve a problem with a product. So if you want to do that um like starting with I think people say like oh start with distribution. It's really just like start with the market like understand what does the market want and one way to do that is to look at Tik Tok and see what people are cons like what content are people consuming because that's an insight into like what are the pain points what do people talk about so Tik Tok is like I think people it's like this weird mystical thing that people have different takes about but one way I like to see it is it's just it's basically like talking to millions of people at the same time and like doing research and understanding like what the world cares about and um so whether you're like a ventureback founder or you just want to make a few million dollars like you're you you you have to like understand humans. Absolutely. Yeah. No, I appreciate that a lot. So, um I think something that's really interesting is a tweet that you actually tweeted um you know a while back when you're sort of introducing like the thesis of consumer club and the tweet you know in it you basically said like hey um for consumer club this is really for founders who you know are trying to u or who rather who recognize that distribution um can beat product in many cases and for those who see that um business to B2B founders um often learn from consumer and consumer founders often learn um from ecom and ecom often learns from affiliate. Um there's a few more things that you you said in that tweet, but I want to break those two down just a little bit. Can you tell me a little bit more about um sort of what you mean by those two things? Yeah, I mean I saw it first when I was when I came from ecom cuz um I I'm going to sound like a broken record, but I always talk about Oliver Brcado and Tabs Chocolate. So Tabs Chocolate is this ecom brands that went from 0 to 10 million. um in one year with purely Tik Tok organic, no ads. And it's really interesting cuz they just like they they didn't do influencer marketing and they kind of broke the Tik Tok game by um realizing that oh, you don't need people that have audiences to talk about your product. you can just hire a bunch of kids uh or a bunch of teenagers and just like have them talk about your product like very organically um on brand new accounts with zero followers and if it's a good as long as it's good content and you show the product in the video then it'll it'll get views um and it worked very well. But then this guy he moved on from Taps Chocolate and now he did StudyBuddy which is a a software company. So, and in public, I remember like the day he tweeted this, he was like, "I'm going to now go into consumer SAS instead of ecom because sure, this works in ecom, but like we could just do run back the same exact strategy, but then do it on uh for a product that has better exit multiples, better margins, less headache of like fulfillment and manufacturing, all that. And yeah, there's some barrier to entry of like building a tech product, but if you know how to code a little bit or you know how to AI code now uh in 2025, like um yeah, it's like you can use the same tactics. But I think why why do tactics start in e-commerce and then they kind of go up to uh tech? I think it's like it's basically just like how much of a commodity is the product. So like you mentioned affiliate. So you know think about like these affiliate marketers that earn 10% of revenue that they drive to a gambling site. All these gambling sites are like basically similar and then all the affiliates they're just promoting the same offer. So they're all competing with each other on the same exact product. Um, so of course they have to find different ways to compete with each other and make their marketing better and better. So affiliates I think are the best consumer marketers. And you go up one level to e-commerce, you're also kind of in a commoditized product. You're just selling like consumer goods that you know are not hyper differentiated there. There's no like tech edge. There's basically it's a branding edge unless it's a completely new invention. But for a lot of these categories like food and beverage and clothing and beauty, skincare and stuff like this, a lot of it is just the same products just re repackaged. So you're also very competitive um in that space. So the the marketing tactics have to be better. And then consumer tech like now there's still some barrier to entry to building an app, but um it's becoming less and less. So, like I'm even seeing like people in the consumer tech world now complaining about people copying their apps, but then the ecom guys are just like this that's just the game like right product becomes commoditized like the more you're going to get copied. So, yeah, but I I think there's a good thing like um yeah, the more competitive the marketing the the more advanced the tactics get and it's it's fun to it's fun to follow. Yeah, absolutely. Okay, so that's really interesting. So just taking a step back a little bit um you know at the very beginning of this topic you basically mentioned that like hey like um you know there was there was sort of like a really big um I would say like step right when people recognized that um you could get a lot of eyeballs on things without having like a a really large audience or a really you know big mass of followers right just by virtue of the way that the Tik Tok algorithm worked and then which eventually shifted like the the Instagram reels algorithm like you didn't need these these these massive uh followers or influencers to put your product in front of, you know, a lot of different people. Um, and I feel like that sort of was like one of the steps in creating this new sort of like meta of distribution, right, in terms of of getting whether it was ecom or affiliate or, you know, even apps at this point. It it sort of spawned this whole new set of strategies for people competing with edge, right? Um, and so something that I'm really curious to hear a little bit more about is, um, you know, you've mentioned this, um, in some other podcasts and, you know, you even mentioned it on this podcast podcast right now, like it's not necessarily, um, about Tik Tok per se. It's more so about um, figuring out what this like underpriced distribution edge is, right? Um, so I'd love to learn a little bit more about that. You know, like what are um, you know, what are some uh, pieces of alpha or strategies that you know, some some uh, founders in the consumer club have been applying um, when it comes to finding the sort of like edge and distribution. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Um, yeah, that's perfectly articulated. I feel like people are Yeah, people are focused on Tik Tok, but even within Tik Tok, there's like micro trends. So, um, I want to show you a couple of things. Um, so I'm just I'm just a student of the scroll. So, I I stole that phrase from someone else. Like they're like, "How do you like find all these ideas?" I'm like, "Oh, I just like scroll TikTok a lot." And then I save them in bookmark folders and then I think about like, "Wait, why did that make me feel something?" And I put it into the category of folder. So, I just I just study this stuff because it's fun to me. Um, but here's an example of like here's all my bookmark folders. Um, I'm just sharing screen, but for example, like talking head. Um, this format is several years old. So, this is kind of like the the classic like influencer video like, "Hey guys, today I'm going to talk to you about whatever like product." Um, so this this is still like kind of big. Um, and with an app, you kind of have to show show the product somehow. Like with e-commerce, it's really easy. You like you hold it in your hand. You can like show it on video. But with apps, it's a little bit tricky. You have to like figure out how to show it on the screen. Um, so one way is like just is just like green screen. So you can just put it behind you. Um, and then have like the talking head like green screened in front of you. Um, another way is like phone app demo. So, if you have like the you literally put the phone in front of your other phone to record the like record what's happening on the screen and show yourself using the app. Um, but talking head, I mean, this is like a couple years old. A couple of the newer things like it kind of shifted last year to to slideshows when people realized like you could just get a lot of views by doing uh Tik Tok carousels and slideshows instead of like full videos. And this is there's some alpha in this because it's so easy to make. Like for example, this like these ones like these they're like they're these like storytime things where it's like right here's the here's the truth about visiting Japan and then there's just filler slides with kind of interesting content and then at the end they plug some products. So, this one is for the shower head. Like, oh, by the way, they're, you know, they Japan has these shower these water filters in all their showerheads. And, oh, I just realized like, oh, you don't even need to go to Japan to get these. They're just they're on Amazon. Like, what what what do you know? They're on Amazon. Crazy. And this has like this has like what millions of I see it has two almost a quarter million likes, right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this one has 200,000 likes. Um, I don't know how many views it has, but they they make this account and then they post it. They post these videos like every day. So, not every video hits, but I mean they're getting around, you know, 5 10,000 views per video and then some of them really hit and it's like a million, two million views. Yeah. Which is which is crazy cuz they're basically taking like basically like a a paragraph or two worth of text and they're turning that and then some like filler photos, right? and they're turning that into like millions of eyeballs for distribution. Like what would previously take, you know, thousand tens of thousands of dollars to, you know, pump that on like Facebook ads or Google ads. Like you're you're basically getting, you know, for um I don't know, maybe 30 minutes of your time and like really well structured like, you know, but broken up into a few paragraphs worth of writing. Like that's crazy, right? Exactly. Yeah. Okay. So and and this sort of like le leads into the um the trend that you were mentioning earlier where basically app founders are like learning from people who have been doing this for a while in ecom and obviously people who you know do like affiliate are all competing for the same kind of attention and I feel like this this leads to like another interesting kind of segue which is like um I I feel like as we're getting closer and closer and ecom pro ecom people are probably like really well versed in this but ultimately like the two things that are going to really like determine some of the success of your business is one like your ability to um capture attention, right? And then your ability to convert that attention into like a download or a purchase or you know that sort of thing. So, um I'd be curious to know a little bit more about um you know, how people are are discussing that like within the consumer club. Um I I know that there's a really big emphasis on generating attention. Um, but I'd be curious to know, you know, sort of what people are thinking about for actually converting that attention into a download. Um, can you speak a little bit more about that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, organic and ads are a little bit different. Like, if you come from the world of Facebook ads, you're used to just forcing your content in front of people's eyeballs by paying Facebook money. But with organic, you're you're kind of you have to you you have to hack the algorithm, which which the algorithm is really just how do you hack attention and then hold attention long enough to plug your product. So like [Music] um like some other formats that I've seen working are uh just these storytelling. I mean, you kind of saw it with the slide the slideshows too, but as long as you like you you have to talk about the products like so in the influencer marketing days, you would just get a bunch of views and then you'd have a call to action at the end and say, "Hey guy, okay, here today I'm going to be talking about these pain points. Hey, do you relate to this or this? Um, well, I have a solution for that. Um, here's my my promo code. Use this code at checkout for 20% off." and then people would go into the influencers link in bio and then click the link. But like people don't really click links in bios anymore. Uh especially for apps, it's kind of hard to like put a app store link in your bio, especially if you have like other links that you want to promote. And the the conversion rate is just not very good. So a lot of times what people actually are doing is they're just closing the app. Like they see a Tik Tok video, they literally close the app, they go to the app store and they search the name of the app that was mentioned in the video. So, a lot of times the call to actions are a lot softer. Um, I mean, even with like Calai, um, they they don't even mention the app at all. They just show the app and the the name of the app on the screen. So, I'm I'm seeing like the call to actions being a lot um a lot lighter. Um yeah, one of the members of consumer club, uh Laurent, he's the founder of focus tree and uses these faceless creators in the study talk niche where there's these students showing their books and their aesthetic like study setups and in you know a couple seconds they flash like the screen of focus tree and a lot of times the conversion actually happens in the comments where people since it's get since it got flashed and it was like an interesting novel interface it's like Oh, you're using this app that has like a digital tree like for your focus. What are you what are you talking about? Like what is that app? And then they'll reply, the creator will reply to the comment and say, "Oh, it's focus tree." And that kind of takes advantage of the behavior of people reading the comments and scrolling through comments as they're watching videos. Um, and people do that because it's it, you know, it feels like a social experience. Totally. So, wait, that's that's super interesting. So let's let's double click on that for a bit because you mentioned two apps that I think have done that kind of like marketing really well. So, Calai, I think, is is the first one you mentioned. And, um, for those who who don't yet know Blake Anderson and Zach, um, who built Calai, and one of the ways that they like, um, really rocketed to success was by doing this sort of like, um, this distribution hack where, um, sort of like like a a mini niche in and of itself where they showed like the screen with um, you know, predominantly like sort of like fitness um, related content, right? like people going to the gym and then like you know making this like really healthy food and then very very briefly only for like a second or two using the app to like scan the food to get the caloric content. Don't mention it otherwise and that's like that has also been popularized by uh Laurent uh with focus treat right just in a different in a different vertical studying versus you know calorie tracking. This is awesome. Yeah. So, I think you can actually kind of see it, right? It's like this really quick kind of like cut frame where you're only seeing the app, you know, maybe even for like half a second, right? And it's this is interesting because it kind of like builds intrigue and curiosity. And you you kind of mentioned it earlier where people will then take to the comments to try and figure this out. I've sort of likened this is like the comment section of Tik Tok is where, you know, where the conversion kind of happens. It's kind of like the Reddit, you know, u comments are are actually where all the gold is found or it's sort of like a little mini Yelp review for what, you know, the app is. Can you can you speak a little bit more on that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um yeah, it goes a couple layers deep. So like you you can convert people on the like in the comment section um of the video itself. You can also reply to to a comment and um make another video out of like a video reply and that will first of all show it to to the person that you're replying to like it'll directly show up in the notifications but then a lot of times if you're scrolling through Tik Tok sometimes you'll find if you really enjoyed a video like the next day you're going to see that reply because you engaged so deeply with that original video. So you it's almost like a Facebook retargeting campaign where you're targeting the same people that engaged with that original video with the video reply. So sometimes the video reply is where the conversion happens as well where someone in the comment says what is it? What is the app? And then you reply to that and say and then you and then that's where you hard sell because now you're able to retarget all those millions of people that watch the first video and then actually follow up with the CTA the next day or the next you know few hours whenever you make the video. Um yeah but yeah definitely I mean Tik Tok Tik Tok comment sections are great great source of just market research like seeing what people actually people are very unfiltered in Tik Tok comment section. Definitely you can see like the the heartbeat of of like culture and like what people are actually thinking. Definitely heartbeat heartbeat is such a good way to describe it. So for for someone who's like um starting out and and building you know a consumer app um what's what's like the one two three checklist that you would give to them um if they wanted to start basically get started with like you know marketing through Tik Tok for their app like you know what direction would you point them in um other than you know consumer club being the first step what would you what would you point them towards? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if if if it's your first business, like first business or first app, like do do you have some experience? Yeah, that's that's a good clarification. Um, I think just to make it easier, let's say that um you're you're not new to like business or app building, but you you want to get more involved in like sort of like Tik Tok distribution or um you know, a method of distribution that isn't just like forcing eyeballs via paid ads. like what would you where would you point someone? Right. Right. Um yeah, the thing is like viral ideas like there isn't necessarily a an existing viral idea for every single app. So a lot of times it actually starts with the um reverse engineering like what would make a good viral moment on Tik Tok and then building that as a feature into your product. So to go back to Cali, it's basically what Cali was like the real retention and like what makes Calai a business is the calorie tracking. It's like retaining the user every day telling them here's over time how many calories you're you're you're eating and the macros which is the same thing as My Fitness Pal but you know who is the dominant app in this space for a long time. But Cali is like it's the it's using using the AI vision to look at uh take a picture of your food and then do the calorie tracking. So the main part of the app is not even really the scan. It's really the the tracking. So if you have an if you have an app and let's say it's like you know workout tracking, you you might not be able to make a viral Tik Tok out of just workout tracking. So, a lot of times it comes down to like how do I how do I think of um an I um a piece of content that's already out there on TikTok that gets views already and then how do I turn that into slightly change modify that to make it turn it into a video that uh plugs my product. So, I can give uh another screen share. Yeah, absolutely. Um I'm going to plug this tool. Uh I actually built this tool. So just shilling my own stuff right now. But that's what we want. Yeah. I built I built the tool because of just the insights of people in consumer club and trying to figure out like how do you how do you get that find those winning formats that promote products. So, let's say you're in like um let's say you're doing like uh something like with mental health or like a lot of these AI uh rapper apps are using either voice or chat to like talk people through journaling or mental health issues or um you know things like that. So, um one thing you can do is you can do this on Tik Tok search. can just search for videos. But um if we want to find like okay what what is out there already. So let's just find like ADHD, mental health, journaling, um sometimes like think of adjacent niches like oh people who are having like relationship problems there. Maybe that's a source of like mental health issues. So relationships. So, let's just search some of these keywords and then we let's find videos that are currently doing well in those niches and then figure out how do we make how do we slightly modify these videos to plug an app instead. So like some of these um such a sick tool that that you just pull all the metrics on that like right from the jump. Yeah. Yeah. So we have the main like the main metrics like views, engagement, but then the number here is like how many how many times more views did this video get compared to the median engagement for that account. So, this is like it's not just the account is a is a strong account. It's that the video itself actually did better than the account. So, that means like the algorithm is picking it up and it's not just getting views because of the followers. Um, so let's remove ADHD keyword because that's like seems to be taking up everything. Um, here's a here's a great format. So, here's [Music] this is an interesting format. It's like a 7-second video that just has the song playing in the background and some B-roll of a car and it's just long text. So, it kind of it's a hack where the video loops over and over again because people are taking a long time to read the thing. So, then in the Tik Tok analytics, the watch time is like 5x retention because people watch the video like five times in order to read the whole text. But then the but then the text has to actually be good and like interesting. So this one says, "My therapist told me when someone constantly asks if you like like or love them or if you're mad at them, it's not because they're so it's just kind of this um tidbit about uh mental health and therapy." But then you could you could definitely plug some sort of app, maybe hint at some kind of app, but then not name the app because that might be a little bit too aggressive. And then maybe some people in the comments will be like, "Oh, like any apps you recommend to, you know, deal with this issue." And then you can plug the app. So, totally, totally. Yeah, it's I've seen um I I've seen a few apps like take advantage of that where you have, you know, and and there I think the interesting thing with all of these is like there are layers and like metas to each individual layer, right? Like I've seen I think something that a lot of people will be familiar with is like Minecraft B-roll, right? in the background where there's like someone playing Minecraft like jumping around on different blocks. Um, you know, in this case it's like the video of someone driving, right, with like text on it. Um, and it's interesting because they're all they're they all are trying to accomplish the same thing, right? Um, but the way that they like hack attention or that, you know, the way that their hooks are just like slightly different is really really really intriguing. Um, and uh, yeah, I guess I'd I'd love to know a little bit more about sort of like what inspired you to like want to even build this tool in the first place because I I imagine that a lot of people were probably trying to do this manually, right? By like going through accounts and seeing what the, you know, median views were for someone's videos and then, you know, like using a spreadsheet to calculate this. So, I'd be curious to know a little bit more about what like drove the inspiration for building this. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, it's just like how do you how do you find how do you make this type of marketing feel more scientific and more predictable because a lot of times it just feels like a lottery. Um, you post a Tik Tok and then you don't know like why it went viral, why it didn't go viral. But it's just like because Tik Tok is, you know, it's a content graph like it you like the content itself is what gets the views uh based on engagement, retention, whatever. So, if you can find those videos that are already doing well, then um it's just it's just a hack to to find to get uh to to get views and to validate your market first before maybe maybe even before launching. Um or like even before like hiring expensive influencers that are like more expensive like high production content, you can you can hire creators to just copy videos and you can char you can you can pay a lot less for that compared to giving a creator like free reign over the full creative direction of the video. Just saying like hey make a video for me promoting this app. then they have to storyboard it, think of do the research themselves. But if you just say, "Hey, here's a video that you can just copy it like second for second and just modify this little part, then you're doing the creative and then you're just paying the creator for their time um uh instead of like their creativity." So I So yeah, a lot of people in Consumer Club were were trying to figure out, okay, how do you not pay like a,000 $2,000 just for one video, right? And like the answer a lot of times is just hiring people um like doing the creative yourself and then giving um giving creators like a really well well- definfined brief. So this is just a way to um do that. But I mean if you if you have creators that um that make high production videos too like you can like you can give them these videos as well. Leverage that. Yeah. Totally. And for anyone who uh has experimented with influencer marketing um I think it's really funny because I you know for you'll go and talk to like an influencer and they'll say like hey I want you know two or $3,000 for this video and you'll have to pay me like a retainer fee on top of that. And it's funny because, you know, they might post the video on TikTok and it could flop. It could get like 800 views. So, this is kind of a way to protect against that, right? Is like you're able to sort of create these with a more scalable blueprint in a more sort of like scientific or at least measurable way without having to like rely on this audience that may or may not come through from you actually paying an influencer. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and this still relies on you like deciding that this content has somewhat of like commercial intent. Um, so you can't just like get views and then magically just hope that it'll get conversions. Like there should be some hypothesis behind why you're choosing this type of content. Like for this one, for example, I see the last line is like, "Hey, did you know people who struggle with anxiety, depression, can't remember a lot, blah blah blah." And the last line says, "If this is you, maybe this account can help." That is a call to action. That's saying like, "Hey, check out this Tik Tok account." But you could change that CTA to something like, "If this is you, maybe you should try out meditation apps or maybe you should try out, you know, something else." And then that's like the CTA. So, um, there there should still be some sort of um like goal to to getting the views, right? That's actually a really good distinction that I think is probably worth calling out. Like um I think a lot of people get started in this game and they start to uh have tunnel vision on views, but I think that there's a really important distinction there that just because your video gets, you know, a million, 2 million views, if you don't have the right kind of content with like a good CTA, that won't necessarily translate to like app downloads, right? And I think that that's that's probably a frustration that a lot of people have to hurdle first because if you've never made any content before and you're just getting started, you have to have that whole bridge of like learning how to make the content and learning how to, you know, hack attention and then actually, you know, create something that is sustains attention beyond just the first second. But then how do you how can you shape the content to actually like generate that sort of curiosity or intrigue, right? Yeah. Those are two very different things. One shortcut to that is like if you know uh if you know somewhat of the current meta of what types of content do get views and convert, you can specifically look out for that type of content and then iterate on that. So for example like if you know that phone inh hand content converts well for apps you can just find like phone screen and then find videos that actually show a phone screen on the video. Um so that's another thing that uh another use case for for this tool. But like just scrolling Tik Tok as well. Like if you ever find videos that are like uh that that that sell an app or that have a phone on on the screen or you know um are exist in the format that you want to um replicate then uh should save those in bookmarks. Absolutely. Yeah. And and I think that that's something that's like really interesting, right? Is like um I think people can kind of tend to like overthink it, but there is something like inherently just like interesting about literally showcasing the app like upfront, right? Like some some of these videos end up doing really really well. Um I think that you know you can kind of focus it and shape it to be a little bit more interesting. Like for for example, Cali's um marketing techniques, right? They're only showing it for like a second or two. But if you're just starting out, I think that this is like a reasonable way to get started and see, you know, how you um how you can at least start to get better at like the skill of creating content. And obviously, this is like a really good tool that you can use to be like, okay, here's what a lot of other apps are doing, you know, and here's their videos and it's actually working really well, right? This is like a great way to actually get started with that. Yeah, definitely. Absolutely. Okay, so let's let's take it a step back. Um, something that is really interesting about Consumer Club is outside of just like focusing on like distribution metas and strategies, um, you're actually hosting events for people, right? So, I think I saw this morning you tweeted, um, that you love meeting founders in New York City. It looks like you hosted a founder dinner, um, with just like a really impressive group of attendees. I'm just reading off of your Twitter and you say a 400k MR study app, a dating app with over 300,000 downloads from Tik Tok organic with zero spent on ads, someone posting 15 UGC vids per day. Um yeah, like would love to hear a little bit more um about one, the events that you're hosting with Consumer Club, and then two, specifically this like what are you know some of the most interesting tidbits that you pulled from this dinner or things that you think might just be worth sharing in general? Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah, this was interesting. So, this this this last one blew my mind a lot cuz I've always thought that you you can only post three videos per day. Like, it's it's sort of like this meta like common knowledge if you're in the space that you you can't post more than three times a day on an account or else you're probably going to get shadowbanned by Tik Tok. Um, but the way that this guy does it is basically he just has five accounts per phone and still posts three times per day. So it's it ends up being 15 videos per day but across five different accounts. Um, but then each person who has a phone can now do it can now do 15 per day. So like per uh like for for the whole operation it's 15 times however many people he has. That's crazy scale. Yeah. Yeah. So, this is the guy that um Alex tweeted about who's like Alex came to the dinner as well, but they he was saying how um he actually flew to the Phil like this founder flew to the Philippines, gave iPhones with US SIM cards to his creators and then uh train them on how to warm up the accounts, you know, the posting times, make sure you don't like post 15 all on the same account, make sure you like spread it out in this way, right? So this is just very like yeah the he he just kind of like understood all the different pieces and then just executed it like really really well. That's yeah that's crazy dedication. So, and just for those who don't know, like within consumer club and I I would say just like this part of Twitter in general, people are like sharing insights about like, you know, metas for distribution. And one of those things that we we mentioned earlier is like, you know, there seems to be a correlation between posting a lot, you know, posting more than three or three to five times a day and then not getting any views on the subsequent videos after. And so this guy really just took things into his own hands. Got a bunch of phones with USM cards so he could ensure that he was reaching a US audience, right? And then basically took this upon himself to go scale the operation, which is crazy. Um yeah. So I I guess I would love to hear a little bit more about um some of the other interesting things that you found from um these consumer events. I know that you hosted a consumer event in LA. Um there's as you as you see here, the consumer tech cabal. Um yeah, would love to hear a little bit more about um some interesting things that you've gleaned from like the founders in this um in this area. Yeah. Yeah, LA was fun. Um Nikita Beer showed up to our LA mixer. We hosted it at this uh mansion at the Wombo House and it was um yeah, Nikita showed up like some of the people who are in this like sort of consumer social but actually pretty monetized space. So like the NGL founders came and yeah it was it was really interesting to hear from them too cuz they like they've been in this for a long time like they were like some of the founders were uh they did Zoom University I don't know if anyone remembers like the Facebook group Zoom University like back in 2020 and they kind of like it I don't know how they did that but maybe it was just keyword they're like the first Facebook group to like hop onto the like Zoom University concepts but they built a they built a a mobile app out of the concept of Zoom University and like a video I think it was like a video streaming thing but then they moved on to do NGL and then now Hunter is doing bags. Um but yeah I mean these people they're also just very hacky mindset like I mean they're like some of these apps are making millions millions a year just cash flowing but they're like yeah they they definitely have like the distribution um mindset. I mean for NGL it was, you know, the the high schools like seeding high schools with the influencer accounts and stuff. I think it just comes down to like understanding human nature because I think one thing with the high school accounts is like the main psychology principle behind that was you if you're if you're a kid in high school and you get followed by a private account and it has the name of your high school plus the app name like let's say it's NGL uh whatever high school and then the logo of the account is like your high school's logo plus like the app or whatever, like you're going to be pretty interested. It's it's almost like alumni networks, you know, like if you see someone else that went to your same college, there's just it immediate like trust. Um or you know, someone who also worked at the same company as you, there's just this like tribal like feeling that you get. So they followed Mass, you know, everyone in the high school um with these accounts and then they got a lot of follow backs and then the first post that they post on that account is going to have all these eyeballs of like the kids in that school, right? So it, you know, gets a boost. So it's uh yeah, like stuff like that, right? They just have like this insight into hm if we tried this, I bet this would be very powerful likely, right? And then you're referring to like NGL. This is the same kind of like genre of like questionnaire app that like Nikita Beer obviously has like done two times over. Um like this distribution method where um they basically like primed all these high school students, right, to get ready to like download the app and then they launched it at once. Um which is crazy. I mean, I I guess the other thing that uh a lot of people I think would be curious to know is like um I think that there's this notion that like oh no, are things like is this like drop shipping? Like will will there be saturation? Like are you know, can you try like one idea multiple times over and over? Um, you know, I'd be curious to to hear your perspective on that just because I've seen a lot of apps that are almost identical that still fare really well and to the extent where they're even copying the others like exact distribution method and channel like almost like pixel for pixel like copied on TikTok. Would love to hear a little bit more about that. Yeah. Uh yeah, I think there will be copycats and that's just that's just like that's just the game like but I do think that innovation is happening so fast like AI innovation is happening so fast like a new model comes out like every month it seems like and I think that'll enable like a 100 new rappers every time a new model comes out there's going to be like a hundred new apps that just attack slightly different markets. There might be like, you know, one, you know, some of these like food scanning apps, like you could probably do a verticalized um Cai that makes a tenth of the revenue, but that's still $2 million a month. I think last time I saw they're making like Well, yeah, they're they're making 2 million a month. So, a tenth of that was like 200k. What if you made Cal AI but only for like vegans, right? like it specializes in like a a special like a certain niche. Um, so you can you can attack different audiences or you could just be a first mover into whatever new model that comes out. Like Tolen is this app that launched. They're member of consumer club. Yeah. um they launched a couple weeks ago and they hit number one uh they're number two in um in the app store and they're just this like AI companion app that talks to you and it like I'm sure they have some interesting special like AI thing in the background but from what I can see like anyone could make something like somewhat similar to this um using the new the newest voice models from Open AI or or Anthropic or claude or whatever, like Deep Seek, like you uh and then just reskin it. Like this one, it's like cartoons, like not everyone's going to want to download this. They hit number one, but you know, some other people might want a completely faceless voice model app, you know, that doesn't have like a character attached or maybe like some one for an older audience. you know, there's there's just so many different audiences that you can tackle with each new um yeah, different audiences, different products, um with each new like tech innovation that comes. Totally. Yeah. And that's that's super interesting because it's like it kind of hearkens back to what you were describing earlier, right? Which is where I guess it kind of goes against conventional product building in the sense where it's like you almost start with distribution in mind, right? like you start with that like viral Tik Tok moment or you start with like what that's going to look like and then build outward from that and you know like you've worked in tech like you understand sort of like what the traditional like product uh building model is. Um and so I' I'd love to hear a little bit more about like it's it's kind of crazy that you could sort of start with what is what does the Tik Tok video look like and then build outward from that, right? like to think like say you're going to do the uh the vegan cali and your your edge there is literally just targeting vegans, right? And you accept that you know you're not going to hit $2 million a month, but like even if you hit a tenth of that, right? Like that would be that would be like life-changing for a lot of people. Um yeah. So, I'd be curious to hear like um you know from the people in consumer club, do you feel like there's been this like shift towards starting with like the content like starting with the media, starting with the distribution and working backwards from there? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, um yeah, I think starting with the content like I I've heard people refer to it as like start with the channel. So like if you think if you if you deeply study or you you at least like understand um the channel where consumer where your target customer is. So let's say it's Tik Tok. Just knowing what the content is going to look like first um yeah can definitely help cuz if you don't know what it's going to look like then you start with a product and then you you build it and then it's it comes time to market it and then you're like okay like what content should we do? and then at that point it might be too late because like maybe there is no content that will ever resonate with the audience that you're trying to go after. So I think it's just it's like a way to derisk. Um I think like tech building in general like I think the reason why people come at it from the opposite is because consumer tech has always been about winner take all. Like everyone wants to be the next Facebook. So you just have to make a really great product. It doesn't have to have like it doesn't have to resonate with a very specific audience on a specific channel. You just have to make a good product and then seed it to you know in Facebook's case it was just seed it to all the colleges and then everyone else will use it. But with consumer products these days you don't have to beat Facebook to build you know just build a $10 million business or a $1 million business. you can um you can start with distribution um attack it from almost like in a way that an ecom e-commerce founder would would do it. So, right. Um yeah, there's definitely people I mean I've talked to consu some recent consumer club members. uh they're anonymous because they're like they they have VC funding and they come and talk to me and they're like I actually don't really like my company anymore cuz we're going after this like broad giant market and I'm seeing all these kids making $10 million AI rappers and I kind of would rather just like start with distribution think of a an idea that's Tik Tok viral because they're like they're they had this big idea and now it's time to market it. And they've been grinding for like a year or two or like multiple years trying to get users, right? But then like they're seeing all these kids just doing like going viral on TikTok making millions like right now cash flow, right? And they're they're getting FOMO. So totally. It's kind of funny just seeing seeing like the shift in the way that people are thinking about building businesses. Absolutely. Yeah. That that is actually that is crazy. I mean, again, all all due respect to to Zach and Blake for building Cali into the like whatever $25 million a year business it is, but I I can imagine for VC backed founders who have been grinding for years and then just being literally undercut by like, you know, kids who like don't have that much experience but obviously have like the knowledge and the executional skills. I can imagine that that would feel like, you know, sort of a a cut at the knees. Um, so that's an interesting segue into into sort of this like I guess broader sort of like question of like saturation, right? Because like as more and more people learn about the success that um you know some kids or or other people are having with sort of these like smaller businesses like the ability to get started right away, the ability to generate like meaningful revenue right within 30 60 days. Um I think there's sort of like the obvious question of like at what point does this run out? And so what I'm what I really want to ask about is I think you had a tweet a few weeks ago where you said, "Hey, if you're an app founder and you want to know what's next for underpriced mass distribution, just look at ecom." And you said like, you know, there are basically these trends that have occurred over the past, you know, four years. And so in 2021, you said it was influencers, right? In 2022, it was like Tik Tok mass UGC. This is kind of like that Oliver bracado like tabs chocolate sort of strategy, right? Um, in 2023 it was slides and and obviously you know a lot of these still work today. Um, and then you have uh for 2024 Hey GenE was slides behind and you say Flux avatars in 2025. So can you expand on this uh on the tweet a little bit and and describe some of these things? Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I mean um every time like someone sees that a format works then a bunch of marketers come in and copy it and then it saturates. So then you have to find a new format that works better. So, you know, with ecom there's this progression and all of these still work. I mean, even within ecom, it's just like what is the what is the newest edge? But influencers, yeah, like I mean, even like if you talk to the biggest companies, like the most like boomer companies, they don't even know what influencer marketing is. They've never even heard of it. So, we're still like very early. Like I in that tweet, I said influencer was the old way, but like for for most people, it's still the new way. like we're on the cutting cutting edge of this. So like yeah, UGC mass UGC obviously still works. Slides still work. Um hey genen with slides I'm just referring to like instead of just the slides um that are like a pure carousel, it's more like um you put the AI actor. So now there's like you can AI generate um these faces like faces and they're fake people and then they can speak and emote and like on screen I can show you an example like then you put the you put the slides in the background 13 years as a Korean plastic surgeon yet no one so you can put the slide the same slides that you would normally put in a carousel you just put in the background and then you put the green screen like AI actor in the foreground. Um, and have them like you can use 11 Labs to narrate the voice. Um, hey Jen I think does all of this for you. Um, and yeah, this I mean this is going crazy in the Wait, this is this is crazy. So just this is an AI generated person, right? Yeah, this is fake person. That's cra like very few people unless you're like in this space like if you're just scrolling TikTok like you're not really going to recognize that, right? Like yeah crazy crazy. And and really the advantage of this is that you can just scale this in like an absurd way, right? Is sort of like the main advantage. Like instead of you having to either hire someone or talk into your phone yourself, you can generate all of this with like all these different variations for like script and that sort of thing really quickly. Yeah. Yeah. You can you I mean there's so many AI tools now that are doing it. I mean hey genen is one of them. Arc ads like um there's a if you just Google search like AI avatar um or AI UGC actor um it's basically like the UGC actor uh format but then you just use AI to like make it faster and cheaper. Um so yeah and like people like I hear two complaints about this. The one one complaint is like oh this is uh this looks like how like this like if you listen to the voice like you can tell it's not a real person like link in my bio can't possibly share all of the secrets I learned. How how are you going to like uh like people are not that dumb but like you look at the comments and like there's a call to action. It's like oh comment this word. People are literally just commenting the word like they're they're treating this as a as a normal person. There's one comment here that says, "This is AI crying emoji." The next one is like, "OMG, bro, it took me a sec to notice like like so like the average person I think just can't tell anymore." I think it's like great. And there there's some ethical concerns with this as well. I I'm not going to go into that, but you can uh use your own judgment for what like how you want to do this, but um yeah, there yeah, I don't know if you had more to say, but I wanted to show you another another format as well. Yeah, absolutely. No, that's that's really sick. I would love would love to see the other format. Yeah. Um so there's also this other format. Um I I call it like faceless storytelling. So instead of doing the AI generated face, you just ignore the face completely and then you just use B- roll. So you just do AI voice instead of face. So eventually I could see a world where faces become not trustworthy, less trustworthy than voices in a way. Like right now like AI uh you know avatars are trustworthy because it's like oh it's a human saying this but then eventually once people catch on that oh anyone can just fake a face then eventually we might go back to voice where voices are more trusted than faces. So this this video is telling a story about arowan smoothies and they're just using um b-roll of arowan smoothies um and the health benefits and stuff. Um, and there's there's just an AI voice, but the AI voice sounds really good. this adapt make mushroom like supplement thing. Um, so this is another format of like using AI to massroduce content. Yeah, that's crazy. And I feel like a theme that we're like seeing with all of these is like there's some kind of trend and then there's like saturation cuz people copy that and then there's there's almost like an inversion of that, right? As like a way to get like back on the trend, right? Like so for for instance in this case like all this is like very very bleeding edge but just as an example like that that what you just referenced right like faces becoming untrustworthy so then you're going back to voices right and it's like then the inversion on that would probably be using a face again in like sometimes so it's just it's interesting because I guess what what I've noticed and I'd be curious if this is your perspective too is like it literally is a playground like there are some things that are are like slightly evergreen if you know how to like harm harness like the current zeitgeist of things, you know, like slides will probably be be around forever, right? It's just like how can you tweak it just like a little bit to like maintain that attention? Um, so it's really funny because I I feel like a lot of people at least from Superwall's perspective, you know, they'll be like, "Hey, like what are some things that you're seeing with like successful companies when it comes to like marketing and that sort of thing?" And I I feel like I feel like there's no right answer. Like it is literally a playground. Like it's it's just it's up to whomever to like go experiment, right? And there's like no right like one way to skin the proverbial cat. Yeah. No, I I completely agree. I think one thing that people get scared of when I talk about or when like Tik Tok is brought up is like, oh, I don't want to be a part of this like inauthenticity where you're just like spamming content. But like you said, there's the inversion that happens and like if you you can follow the trend. Yeah. But then you can also pave your own trends too. Like um you know once people get sick of one format there's there's a market for for authenticity like people do want authentic content whatever form that comes in whether it's like voices instead of faces or I mean one this is a YouTube example but I like to think about Sam Sulk so there's this like bodybuilder guy but like if you think about Mr. beast. It's like, oh, this is the current meta of YouTube, you know, like crazy thumbnail, crazy title, like crazy faces in the in the thumbnails, like spending tons of money on all the videos. And then you have like Sam Sulk and he's just this like bodybuilder guy. I mean, he's he's an impressive bodybuilder, but his videos are like 40 50 minutes long and then there's just these really long take cuts of him just like talking really slowly the camera, right? And then him just doing exercises like kind of narrating it. He has a mic. He just has this like calming voice and it's like 50 minutes long and like I don't know who watches this but it minimal stripped back like antithes like very big contrast like what M Mr. beast is right. It's just like you're you're literally watching a guy in the gym, right? Like Yeah, but he's blowing up. That's a great example of inversion. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's just blowing up on the YouTube algo. I mean, same with me, right? I I posted a Tik Tok on a brand new account and it got 50,000 views on the first on the first video and I'm like I'm kind of like Sam Sul a little bit. Like I I talk a little bit slowly. I have sort of like a monotone voice, but like I can still get views. um just by like I I just literally I I did not retention edit the video at all. Like it was a three minute long video. I was just rambling like kind of slowly, but I had a decent hook and like it got the views. So I think like as long as you know kind of the fundamentals of like here's a piece of content that you kind of think people will be interested in. Um and then you just be yourself like you can still you can still do well. Algo totally. I think that I think that's such a great like illumination of or or maybe like rebuttal of like I don't want to do like inauthentic spamming like it there are so many different ways that like work for anyone, right? It's just a matter of like getting out there and like trying it yourself. Like I think that that's the other really interesting thing is I don't know this might sound like ridiculous and it is but like so few people have literally just like picked up TikTok and like talked into their phone, you know? like like very few people have done that and and I feel like they've got caught up in the weeds of like what's like the best thing to do and it's like you can you can actually just generate like hundreds of thousands of views just by just by picking up your phone which is kind of kind of crazy. Maybe maybe a an uncomfortable truth but a truth nonetheless. Yeah. Yeah. That's the easiest way. You just pick up the phone start start yapping. just the practice of like of speaking into the phone, you'll immediately start to modify. Like that video that I mentioned that got 50,000 views, it was 2 minutes long, but that video actually took me an hour to to finish. Not because I was like hyperediting anything, but because I would talk and then I'd be like, "Oh, wait, that's not that's not interesting. Like, let me change the way I said that." And then I I kept doing I did that like 20 times for like the same like a few second clip. Um just just just like recording yourself with your phone. It kind of like changes the way that you think about marketing because you imagine like someone else watching it. Um and it becomes a little bit more real. Totally. Totally. No, it it is it's like it's like a mask is like put on or something, right? It's like the stage stage presence you uh really comes out. Yeah, she's funny. Um okay, so I want to I want to take a step back and I want to go go back to uh something that you mentioned earlier which is like you know some VC backfounders have like seen the success that some of these like bootstrapped founders um have with some of these like basically just like smaller scale businesses. Um, and I guess I'd just be curious to see like from like a future outlook, you know, from from your perspective, like where do you see like the next big wave of like consumer app success coming from? like do you do you feel like it's going to be more driven by like the more scrappy kind of like younger like ecom style uh like growth hackers or you know kids or do you feel like do you feel like it's going to come you know do I guess do you feel like the venturebacked players are going to be able to like harness those growth strategies and like use their capital advantage to to really um surpass Yeah. Yeah. I I want to give like somewhat of a balanced take here. Like I don't think like everyone loves to on VC founders because it's easy like they have money so it's like fun to make fun of them but it's like like the capital advantage yes but a lot of times the VC founders have a lot of experience and network as well. So they know kind of the game of business and they can use the capital to hire the best experts because they know how to identify the experts. So, these kids that are making a million dollars a year, um, well, I don't know, let's say they're making $100,000 a year, but they're actually the best like Tik Tok growth hackers. They just don't know how to build technology or like they don't have the experience to build a lasting business. that Tik Tocker would get a lot of value from being employed by the VCbacked founder that has a ton of experience in the space because maybe that kid wants to become, you know, an app founder someday. So I think that the VC founders that actually are thoughtful about leveraging the current distribution channels like they they will win just as much as the as the scrappy kids and probably more because they have the capital and they have the experience. Um, if you get funded off of pure narrative and you have no like actual experience or no like interest in following the current trends and like you know really understanding marketing as it is today, then yeah, I don't think they're going to make it and uh it's probably better to just be a scrappy kid like who actually knows the market. Um, but yeah, the top the top founders that really know what they're doing and they have the money to invest, then yeah, I think they're those are the ones who will win the biggest, I think. Got it. Okay, that's that's super helpful. U, it's interesting because I think it kind of reminds me of like I remember we uh I I was introduced to this founder whose business was oriented. It was sort of a similar model where they're basically they're empowering people who are able to like command attention. So, they're going to people who are like really great fitness coaches or, you know, like online fitness coaches. Like, I think right now there's like that really big meme of like um what's the dude's name? Ashton Hall, who's like, you know, has the the Saratoga like water. He's like dumping his face in the bowl. He's like rubbing the banana peel on his face. So, anyway, their business was like basically going to these people who were able to command, you know, massive amounts of of attention and building an app for them. And you mentioned this, you know, really early on at the beginning of this um of this podcast, but it's like it's a really interesting like apps are a very interesting revenue channel because unlike like a physical good like ecom, right, the margins are much higher. Like the distribution is far easier because you don't have to deal with like shipping logistics and um you also can harness like recurring revenue that you might not otherwise get if you just sold someone like a PDF on Gum Road, right? Um, so I'd be curious to know if if you've seen um, you know, anyone sort of like trying to contact you or come into this space who's like, "Hey, I don't really know much about this business, but like other you know, I have this really big audience or I have the ability to, you know, market this this sort of app to to the people who follow me. Have you seen anything like that?" Yeah, I mean, this happens several times a week. Um, there's this there's this guy uh who just joined Consumer Club. He's uh well, I'll just I'll just screen share so that we can help this guy find a co-founder. But nice. Um let me screen share. He so he's a poker influencer. Um and he went viral on reals um this past year. Uh did really well. Slick Rick Poker. And his reels get a lot of views and they're pretty simple. they just do like have relatable captions about poker and he's uh he's a pro like he he plays in tournaments and stuff but then he he's relatable at the same time and he's young. Um he's also an MBA student. Um so he's actually like you know he's businessminded as well but he just doesn't have a ton of experience in apps. So he joined Consumer Club cuz he's like, "Hey, I have this audience. I'm looking for like someone to, you know, with the product and technical experience like build an app. He's going to build a a poker app." So that's so sick. I think this is that's such a good example. And you're seeing like it's not just him, right? There multiple people who are coming to you for this. Yeah. I mean, like I'm advising uh I don't know if you know like Alex Lieberman. Um Yeah. Morning Brew. But yeah, he founded Morning Brew. um newsletter business, but he has all these other like agency businesses as well. And now he's looking to start an app uh too. So, he's going to um I connected him with someone in Consumer Club. Uh they're co-founding. I'm advising and um they're they're doing an app. Uh I don't know how much is public so I won't leak it, but they're Yeah. But there like Alex, you know, doesn't build apps, but he has the audience and he has a lot of connections to other influencers in his niche, which is like, you know, the young business, you know, professional um or entrepreneur. So, um yeah, people all all sorts of backgrounds, right? That's super sick. I love that a lot. Yeah, I feel like I feel like that's that's something that that we will start to see more and more, right? Is like apps is like a revenue channel for people who have audiences. Um, and then the the last thing that I really wanted to touch on is like it kind of, you know, it all hearkens back to like building starting with that like Tik Tok moment. I've seen some uh some people talk about this on Twitter, some people talk about in consumer club where they can see a world where like apps are content like like the content is apps. And I think like a really good example of this again building from a lot of what we've talked about previously is um Oasis. Oasis, I think it was initially Oasis Water App and now it's Oasis Health App. And Cormarmac, who's one of the um consumer club founders, I think has like done this exceptionally well where he's all of the content for this is basically just like him green screening himself like talking head style over a background of of Oasis app. And I think he did really well because he's like talking about I think the app initially started out as just water like it would rank um water quality for different kinds of like uh water brands and now he's expanded out into like air quality and um even even like protein bars is his next segment and so I think it's it's easy to see sort of like the expansion of this right where you started out with the niche in water you established some form of like domain authority you have eyeballs you have views and then you know you expand out from there and as far as I'm aware, I think it's just like a oneperson business. Like I don't I don't know, you know, what his operations look like, but um be curious to sort of I I guess learn a little bit more about your perspective when it comes to the idea of like content as apps um in that space in general. Yeah. No. Yeah. I mean that makes a lot of sense. I mean I I did it too in a way with consumer club. Like I just started consumer club started. It was just it was a group chat of the most interesting app founders I knew at the time and they were doing really crazy growth hacks and we're just talking about it in the group chat and then I started tweeting about it and I wasn't building an I mean I was building apps myself but I wasn't a successful app founder. I just started tweeting about the growth hacks and I think my skill is just like articulating uh concepts in a way that people understand. Um and also just scavenging like I'm a I'm a obsessive researcher and I talk to like dozens of people a week just because I'm interested in the space. Um but I just started talking about the concepts in public and then people were like oh how do I meet other people and then so I built the community and then you know now people can have a place where they want to meet other people who are doing these tactics. Um, so yeah, it just starts with like getting attention first and then yeah, a lot of times you can like build build later. I had that I had this idea for um uh drinks too, like CPG space. Like I'm I'm really into um energy drinks these days, but I feel like a lot of energy drinks are like kind of cringe or they're at least like tongue-in-cheek cringe. It's like, haha, I'm drinking Red Bull. But there aren't a lot of like brands that are like, oh, like I'm actually proud to be drinking this energy drink. Like, it's like it's cool. So, I'm trying to like do some research on that. And I had this idea in my head like, oh, what if I made what if I started making threads on like ranking the best energy drinks and like rating them like, hey, I tried 50 of the newest energy drinks so that you don't have to. Here's my take on all of them. like that could that could easily become a an energy drink business if I you know wanted to get into that business. But right yeah just like thinking about the content first and building an audience of people that really I mean that's that's the other reason why I got into this space is like I had a little bit of experience in the newsletter space. So I would like write viral LinkedIn posts saying like here's how you get this this type of job. um if you want to work in tech but you're non-technical here's the types of jobs like product marketing and product uh product management and sales like here's these types of jobs and then um and then I built a newsletter around it because people wanted to keep getting those like job postings and just like educational content um and then that funneled into just advertising so I would like plug like uh you know edtech programs or talent matching programs and that was the monetization. So, uh I ended up not really building a product, but I was advertising other products um by just building the media first and then plugging the products. 100%. Okay. So, then I have a few more questions for you before we adjourn. But, um in today's age, would you say that um media is like a requirement for starting a business? Content and media is it is it a requirement? um for for consumer. Yes. Like everything is media, right? Like even if you're doing ads, it's it's still content. It's just that you're paying for it. Like you're you end up paying for content in some way. It's either organic. You pay the creator. It's organic. You make it yourself, which is time. Time is money. Or you're paying for ads, radio ads, TV ads, Facebook ads, whatever it is. You're just paying for media. So like you don't have you don't have to own media to build um a business. Um but you you have to interact with media in some in some kind of way. So um I think that it's better to own the media um uh just because it's it's so much easier to do it now than ever before. So why not why not do that instead of like renting other people's audiences and paying for ads continuously. So, um yeah, it's not a knock on ads either. Like I do I do know you kind of have to use ads at some point to like scale um in certain phases, but um having organic just gives you a lot of insights into the audience as well. So I think it's like I yeah I I wouldn't really do it any other way. Totally. Next question. Um, do you feel like the trend of like building in public, excuse me, building in public will become less popular as like the the ability to build products, you know, slowly trends towards zero? Is it too big of a competitive risk to build in public? Because you you're you're it's like interesting, right? Like you're gaining you're gaining um sort of like initial eyeballs or like traction by building in public, but you obviously are exposing yourself to, you know, other people who might want to copy you. So, it' be curious to hear what you think about that. That's really interesting. I think it depends on I I feel like the build and public movement was started in like the indie SAS space and because of that that you got the added benefit of your audience actually buying your product. Um so you're you're like building it public was actually it doubled as marketing for your product. But if you're like building an app on iOS and then you're talking about and then you market it on Tik Tok, that's where your main users are and then you start talking about your strategies on Twitter, then yeah, maybe people are going to maybe people are going to copy you and you don't get as much benefit, but then you do get some benefits because you'll start to meet other people that are really interesting and you can share tactics. So, I think the more commoditized your product is, then maybe you shouldn't talk about it. But if you're building a more unique product, um, can be more worth it to talk about. But also, it just depends on like how trusted the the people are. Like if you're if you if you build like one-on-one connections, you meet person over a video call or you meet person in in real life, you know that you're not going to copy each other's stuff. Like, right, I think it's totally worth it to share ideas. I'm I'm pretty open with people about like sharing ideas um that you know I know that we're not competitors, right? No, that makes sense. And I think the other thing interesting just to like point out there is I think Blake tweeted this like the other day, but he says something like Cali is going to be like the most copycat catted app like on the app store, which I think is like, you know, it's funny like I would I would generally agree that I think a lot of people are just like like creating copycats of Cali, but like like they're obviously not going to lose because the true edge is in the in the in the distribution, right? Like the distribution is the moat. So if you build in public and you can back up your distribution, I don't think there's, you know, as much of a a competitive risk. Yeah. There's also like the talent pool stuff. Like people are like the the most talented growth hackers and iOS developers want to work for Blake and Zach now because they're they're cool. Like they have the attention of a lot of different people and people want to work for them. So I think it's smart for them to like even if they let's say their their competition gets um you know the increased competition you know drives their business in half even like I would say that's still worth it because like they can start another app like with access to the absolute best talent um and other connections that they're making in the space. So, I think it's I think it's still worth it um for them at least in the way that they're doing it. Totally. That makes a lot of sense. And then out of everything that we've discussed, is there anything that I haven't asked you that that you wish I had? Is there anything that that you want to share that maybe just hasn't come up? Um interesting. Let me think. [Music] I feel like you feel like you covered feel like you covered a lot of it. I mean, there's a lot to talk about. We could talk about uh I feel like we could talk about dozens of dozens of more things if we if we thought of the if we thought of the topics, but yeah. Um what's top of mind? Oh, maybe like the concept of agencies like I wish Yeah, let's talk about that. I wish more people understood like the concept of agencies in a new in a new underpriced distribution channel. Like whenever there's a new underpriced distribution channel, it's underpriced because there's not very many marketers who've mastered the channel. And everyone comes to me and they're like, "Who's the best organic expert, you know?" And I'm like, "There are none." They're like, "The ones that are the that are the best are the founders because they're the ones who are the most obsessed and they're most financially incentivized to figure out the channel." There's not going to be that many marketers that are willing to just work for you on retainer when they're one of five people in the whole world who know how to do this stuff. So totally really think that you need like with underpriced distribution you kind of have to understand it yourself. Um then you can hire someone to um uh to take over the the thing that you figured out. Totally. Okay. That's really really interesting. So let's let's expand that just for people who might not like totally understand the space and what you're talking about. So basically what you're saying is like when it comes to um underpriced dist distribution methods, right? Like in today's age, Tik Tok, um there aren't going to be a lot of agencies who are like really really good or like really really effective because the people who are really really good or really really effective are just going to be those who are building their own apps themselves, right? Like like Blake, right? Like probably one of the best in the world at doing it. and why would he have any incentive to go off and like create an agency when he can just reap all of the benefits himself? So that's really interesting. Um yeah, I'd be curious to know a little bit more about like you know if say you wanted to get started in this world and you see a lot of agencies with like different offerings like would you approach them with caution or how how would you think about agencies like you know for Tik Tok in general? I would approach them with caution and just like I think there's certain experts and service providers and agencies that do do a good job, but I feel like their lifespan is no more than like like no more than 6 months because the either they take on too many clients and then there's the service quality just goes down because there's just too many people to to take care of. um or they're so good that they just decide to stop doing stuff for clients and they just build their own products. So there's a couple agencies in the space that are literally doing that. If you go on their Twitter, you can see they're like building their own apps now, right? Um and then there are the certain and then I would also be aware of like people that say, "Oh, we'll just make content for you on autopilot with like a tech platform." But like a tech platform for what? like to host so that creators can sign up and then but to make content for you, but it but then that still depends on the creator being good like the talent like it's really all about talent pool. So, it's just about if you if you have a handle on the space and you have an idea of what type of content you want to make um or what type of content will do well, then it's really about like finding the people who can make that content. And I think you kind of just have to do that yourself. Like it's just it's really hard to just find an expert who who can reliably say like, "Yeah, I know people who will just blow up your app on autopilot." I think it's we'll definitely get to that point at a certain point, but um yeah, I like I don't want people to just think, "Oh, this is this is a Tik Tok gold rush. Let's let's get into and then the first agency they meet, they're like, "Oh, this person is going to solve all my problems." It's just so it's just easy to like want to be lazy and like not do your work as a founder to like figure out the channel. So, right. Totally. That's that's super super interesting. Um, yeah, that's really really interesting. I think that uh the the avoidance of pain or like the the avoidance of like wanting to hop in and and you know talk to the camera or like hop in and do editing. I think it probably holds a lot of people back from being able to you know get more downloads or or you know at least just like generate more views. Um I'd be curious to to know a little bit more about like you know I'm sure you're in contact with a lot of people who are like really really interesting. I remember you had a tweet that you where you were talking about like there are some like 8 figureure ecom people who are like trying to move into the consumer app space. Um one I mean one like let's just take a step back and like think about like the range of people that are in this space right like you have 17 year olds who have you know a $25 million a year business and at the other end you have like VC backed founders and you have like eight figure you know ecom people moving into the space. What is like one of the most surprising things that you think you've learned from operating consumer club um you know since its inception? Yeah, I guess. Yeah. Not like when you mention like some of those people, I my mind immediately goes to um web to app founders. Like I guess the one of the most surprising things is like often there's entire markets of tons of people making a ton of money that you just have no idea about. Like some of the people listening to this pod might be going like, "Wow, I had no idea people were making so much money on TikTok organic." But then there's so many layers to it like like you know a few weeks ago I or a few months ago I like found these this this whole concept of like web to app and like people just building these web funnels where it funnels the person to the iOS app after going through like web. There's a lot of people making money in that too. and um uh a lot of those people come from affiliate or ecom backgrounds. So there just yeah there's a lot of there's a lot of channels that you just have no idea exists until you start meeting more people. Yeah. Okay. So quick superw wall shout out. We're actually building that product. Um and it is it is really really sick. So, for those who don't know, um, basically like imagine you're running like a like a paid Facebook ad or something for your app and someone clicks on your ad, you can actually run through like a little mini onboarding um, on web and then have them pay at the end of it, you know, through Stripe. Um, and then you can, you know, uh, direct them to download your app and then they'll they'll have the subscription already and they won't have to go through, you know, the friction of like downloading, onboarding and then selling them in the app. um which I think is just going to be like a crazy boost. Like I think we're gonna see a lot of people make like way more money um with those with that sort of like web to app funnel. Um so quick quick super wall plug there. That's huge. I'm I'm pretty hyped for that launch. I I will uh I'll be spreading that launch to Yeah, it's it's going to be crazy once once it comes out. Yeah. Yeah. We've been testing internally with it with a few people and it's um it's it's really really exciting. So, um, let's see. The, uh, another thing that I'd be really curious to hear, you know, your perspective on is like do you feel like anyone can go and like make like make an app and like generate like a a living for themselves nowadays? Like I feel like, you know, we talked earlier that there used to be kind of this like moat or friction in terms of like not everyone knew how to code, not everyone knew how to like um, stand up an app, you know. Um, but with advancements in AI, like a lot of people are are talking about vibe coding. Um, you know, a lot of people on Twitter are asking like, "Hey, can I do this if I have like no technical knowledge?" Um, I'd be I'd be curious to hear your perspective. Like, can anyone do this? Like, can anyone go build an app and make money? Like, what's your perspective on that? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I studied CS in college and like that taught me nothing about coding viral apps. So, I feel like the knowledge is just all out there and the tools are out there. Like you can you can use AI coding for your app. I mean, Blake Anderson famously used Chat GBT to build his apps. Um, yeah. I I don't think there's like as long as you're smart, like you can just figure stuff out. Like even if you think about like drop shipping with e-commerce, it's still somewhat technical. Like you have to figure out how to use Shopify. That's a that's a tech tool, right? Just like typing in chat GPT is a tech tool. Like typing in Shopify in like the no code builder and making sure that you know it's welldesigned and copyrightiting it well and making sure the user experience, you know, flows through the checkout and stuff like that's that's somewhat of a technical skill to make a Shopify website. And the same way, you know, there's a technical skill to build an app, but it's just getting easier with AI. So, I think there's still somewhat of a hurdle of figuring out how to prompt and there's there's still a skill there. So, I don't think absolutely anyone can do it, but um like on day one, but but for sure, everyone can do it if you're smart and you just figure it out after a couple iterations. like AI there's there's nothing that makes like the like AI has not been around for that long at least in the chat like AI coding interface that we've that we know about now so you know people who have a year more of experience than you do of AI prompting an AI to make a to make an app you know they only have one year on you so right there there's not as much of like that institutional moat anymore for sure. No, absolutely. Like it's uh anyone can get started, right? I think I think Blake is actually a really good example of that where like I think he he studied CS in school, right? But then came out of I mean you don't you don't really like learn how to build an iOS app in college unless you take like a class dedicated to it, right? And it's like you can't I I think that that's I sort of touches on like a broader topic here which is like not not that it is get rich quick but I think that like now is a time where because of all the distribution methods available and the ease of access to creating things like you might not get rich quick but I think now more than ever by far is like a time where you can build something that is like ramen profitable right where you can like create a living for yourself without needing to have, you know, years of experience doing it. No, for sure. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I don't I don't think Yeah, like pe people um I forget what I was going to say, but yeah, I agree. Yeah, it's crazy. It's crazy. Um well, yeah, I I uh let's see. I mean, I think that I think that we've covered a lot of really good ground here. Um um yeah, I guess I'll I guess I'll end it with like if is is is there anything else that um you know you would direct to someone if they were like, "Okay, cool. I'm like I'm watching this podcast. I understand what you know, Consumer Club is to an extent. I understand what Super Bowl is to an extent. You know, they have like some like basic knowledge of what consumer apps are like." And they're like, "Hey, I want to give this a shot." Like what would you recommend they do? Um, yeah. I would just go with like the like the first app that you think of, like the one that you've been thinking about for like a couple weeks, couple months. Like just just try that one. Um, but then first like do a little bit of research, like figure out what type of content that you think could do well on Tik Tok. Um, it might not even be Tik Tok, too. Like it could be ads. It could be some other channel. Figure out what channel, like where do your where do your customers hang out? And then just yeah dive into the distribution like think of think of a few hypotheses for distribution try them and then if it doesn't work then go back to the hypothesis and think okay why like was the hypothesis like not true then like did this does this content format not work or did the content just suck like that's the thing that that's the main hurdle that people um start to get into like when they when they start. So just choosing like three content formats like find Tik Toks that are already doing well in your niche. Try to copy them or do videos similar to them and then and then just see see if you can get see if you can crack like 5,000 views. If you can do that, then there's like something to it and you should just like keep going. Awesome. I think that's actually really actionable. like get get to 5,000 views with an app that you know you've thought of and then just iterate and test and experiment from there. I think that's I think that's really actionable advice. Um awesome, man. Well, I guess the just to to cap this off, um where should people go if they want to find out more about you or Consumer Club? Just Twitter. Yeah, just Twitter. Um Joseph Choy on Twitter. Um I also have like a Twitter list. I don't know if you guys have like show notes, but I have a Twitter list of like the people that I follow who are in the consumer app space. So, if you want to like see like what other people are talking about without being in like consumer club and the private chat, I think the private chat is better because people are people know it's private so they talk about more interesting things, but people do talk about stuff on Twitter too. So, um you can follow my Twitter list. Awesome. Well, dude, it's been a pleasure having you. Um, thanks so much for coming on the podcast and hope you have a great day, man. Thanks. It's great being here.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [18/28] The Secret Behind Weirdly Viral Apps
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_a4ch3pk_U0
Duration: 44:31
Words: 8,448

App founders are using this playbook to get hundreds of thousands of downloads on their apps by hiring college students, having them make videos every single day, and going viral with actually high converting short form videos on Tik Tok. So, in this video, I talked to Canyon, the co-founder of Sideshift, a platform that has 150,000 college students looking for jobs in UGC and making these daily videos. he dropped some really good case studies where we go straight into the accounts and the formats that are getting downloads for apps right now. >> So we uh Sideshift we started running kind of this high volume organic playbook in like late February probably like four months ago. Um, previous to that we'd been, you know, doing just marketing on our own social channels, physically going in person to these college campuses and I think we're probably around like 10,000 kind of job seekers on our platform. Um, so about 10,000 users and over the past 3 to four months have kind of grown that to be now over 150,000 uh active job seekers. And it's largely been in part due to this high volume organic. probably the most cost-effective way I think for consumer founders to you know market and distribute their product. We've spent probably around 10k across the board and so you just like run the numbers on that and like a customer acquisition cost that's you know pennies is just ridiculous. And so I think, you know, as we run this playbook more too, you just get more efficient in it because you start to figure out the formats that work and you can just replicate that. And obviously they don't work forever. You know, you need to continue to iterate and experiment. Um, but it's one of those things where, you know, I think we're going to continue to double down. We actually had to turn off our funnels in like miday. We only have one, we only had one engineer at the time. And so when we had like, you know, 50,000 new kind of creators join our marketplace in the span of like a week or two, like products started breaking. Our businesses were getting like 3,000 applicants, which is like great in theory. Um, but the product wasn't really built for that. But it is one of those things where it's like as our content, you know, continues to convert and drive more users and creators to our platform, we see a direct correlation to the businesses that we work with having success um because they're getting a bigger pool to pick from on the creator side. They can make hires much quicker and they can just launch much bigger programs for, you know, a very very affordable cost. So, it's been it's been really cool to see kind of how this flow has evolved. How many views on short form videos do you think you got from the the 10K budget? >> Yeah, let me I can actually pull up and get a pretty accurate um perception of this. So >> Oh yeah, that would be cool to like see it. Yeah, we've run two campaigns and so the last one that we ran um which I would say is probably equates to like half of our views um was 16 million through it was I think a 300 post campaign um maybe maybe it was a little bit more. It might have been closer to 20 I think for whatever reason. And the dates are off, but we just found >> million views in >> Yeah. >> 30 days from 60 posts >> from from 300 posts. 300 posts. So >> 300 >> AC across the board. We had we had five creators making content, posting, most of them were posting twice a day. And I would say for the first two weeks, I think UGC is one of these things where it like it takes a lot of patience because it like some people crack it right away. They find a winning format within like week one of posting. I would say that's not standard for us. It took like two to three weeks and then as soon as we found one format, we were just doubling down on that. We had all five of our creators pumping it out like every other day basically. And you know, it was a 2 million video view video here, a 5 million view video here, you know, 100,000 video views that start to stack up. And it's like when one account starts to pick up steam, like it just is really just a flywheel that affects all the videos. You know, people are then engaging with the rest of their videos, which just kind of fuels the funnel and their account just gets pushed out into, you know, that audience that you're, you know, inevitably trying to target. And so I think it's one of those things where founders that, you know, have patience and are willing to go weeks or even months at a time without seeing, you know, extremely extraordinary results, like they get rewarded in the long run because they just continue to experiment and iterate. And so it's it's one thing that we like a with the companies that we work with try to just like alert them that like look, it doesn't work on the first try every single time. Um, sometimes it takes 300 posts before you find that winning format, but when you do, you know, you're able to just double down on that and and really just change your business. Uh, dramat some of the videos from this campaign. >> One of the things that we have really tried to lean into is just with like the job market, everything that's going on. I think it's like leaning into trends of just like the broader like macro economy as well as like trends that are happening on Tik Tok. It's like you don't need to reinvent the wheel. I mean, we see he's like getting denied from whatever jobs, leaning into the fact that he has a master's degree. Um, we can click in these slideshow formats have, you know, actually really converted a ton as well. Um, and it's just like, you know, it's subtle. It's it's not just screaming your product out. It's just, you know, subtly dropping subtly dropping it in there. Sometimes saying the product. You don't always need to lay the product, but like, you know, UGC creator side shift app. this gets a few hundred,000 views, like that just converts insanely well. >> This is a that's a perfect slideshow that got 84,000 views and you listed the name of the app on the last slide and it was like highly engaging because it's like what are you going to rate the next thing like the out of 10 format I feel like is really >> strong. Also, this guy has less than 2,000 followers. He has 1,900 followers. like >> right when he started the account he had zero followers and so like these are all you know these are fresh accounts um obviously you get it warmed up into whatever niche you know you're trying to go after but it's like as you start to like it definitely you know as we can see like if we go all the way back here you know he's been posting for a while like some of the videos it takes a while like these videos only get a 100red views like you start getting into the a thousand view range but you know you post a ton and you see no results for a while, it can start to be like very, you know, discouraging. Um, but I think, you know, just continuing to put shots on goal, it's it's one of the things that's really hard for people. I think people just tend to give up on a marketing channel and just try and go find the next best thing. Like the reality is like all these marketing channels, they're, you know, they're hard. They're hard to master and it just takes reps. It just takes practice. And I think the beauty of UGC is you can get so many more reps and so much more practice for just such a cheap cost and it just allows for so much experimentation. >> Can you go to some of the viral ones and then some of the not viral ones and like kind of describe the differences? Like what do you think do well? So for this one, like we had found this format um with one of our other creators like getting denied from a job, having a master's degree, like it's ironic in the sense that like oh my god, like even in this job market, even if you're, you know, college educated, um have gone to school, it's something that just like resonates with a lot of people. Um, and so I think something that's either extremely controversial drives a lot of engagement or something that is just extremely resonating with a large demographic of people like everyone in the comments is just talking about like how just difficult you know the job market is and you know so it's one of those things and so I think he did a good job of also too like you can see how engaging he is with these comments like that's something that just continues to spur you know additional engagement people are then responding to him and like that engagement level continues to push, you know, your videos out into into the feed. Um, and so I think that's something we try to work with our creators a lot on is like look, it doesn't just stop at the video you post. Like you need to go environment or engineer this environment in the comments that's, you know, extremely collaborative, has people asking, you know, where are people finding jobs? And that's where you can start to subtly plug in your product as well. Um because at the end of the day, you know, views are great, but it's like how do we get our product? It's like boom, like this is why I only use Sideshift. You know, people are liking that that's converting to real users. And so, I mean, we can even go down here to like an older one. And um I mean, I I think too, a lot of it it's just like experimentation. And so, you don't really know at the start what formats are going to work. Um, I mean, we can even see here we got like one of our other creators that, you know, is trying to subtly plug there. Um, but I also think sometimes these accounts just take time to warm up and some just get a little bit luckier and get pushed out into the feed right away and, you know, have insane engagement. Others just take more time. Um, and so it's one of those things where you kind of just got to weather the storm and, you know, wait to just find a format that, you know, resonates with people. >> That's interesting. So, what I'm curious like what instructions did you give this creator when you first hired him? Was it um did you get have some some kind of brief um showing? That would also be interesting. >> Yeah. So, I can pull up kind of an example brief. I will use one of our customers as an example. I won't go fully into the details to get rid of their secret sauce. Um, but I'll kind of give the high level. So, I think one thing that is important to touch on is like who is your company? Like what is what does your company do in your own words? Um, because I think a lot of the time people will just be like, "Hey, go download my app and like make content about it." And a lot of the time like a creator like using an app for the first time like seeing it from an outside lens like they don't necessarily know like what the core value prop of that product is like what's that viral moment that I can lean into like what problem are you solving with your audience and so I think that's one thing to touch on like one thing they did a really good job of is like adding in like Loom videos chatting through their product making it extremely you know personalized like you want to start to, you know, treat your creators like they're a part of this community. You want them to be excited to make content about your product. So, that's one thing. Um, I think as well like who's your target audience, you know, like do you have personas that they can tap into? Because at the end of the day, one of the things is like as they warm this account up, they need to make sure that it's getting pushed out into the right audience so that people are actually engaging with their content. Um, and so I think that's like one of the biggest things and one of the most important things of the brief is like who do we actually want to target? And I think some people run into the trap where they have a product that could really just be targeted at anyone and they don't focus on any specific niche and because of that the content that gets pushed out feels pretty just like bland. You know, there's nothing special to it. It doesn't feel like it's meant for anyone. And I think because of that, like it just doesn't perform that strongly. Um, another thing that's, you know, I think extremely strong, and this is something that gets built up over time. Um, if you have viral videos on your own socials, if you have people that have made content for you, like link those videos, you know, give your creators a starting point so that when they start making content, like they already have a few formats that they can run with. Obviously, you want to give your creators, you know, the creative freedom to do what they do best and experiment and find new formats for you, but if you don't give them anything, like they're kind of just starting from a disadvantage when you can kind of just prop them up a bit. Other if you have competitors um or adjacent players in your kind of, you know, community um maybe for us like we're a job platform at the end of the day for these creators. if there's like other jobesque content um that has gone viral before. Uh trying to kind of take those themes and transfer them into kind of your niche and about your company and product. Um and yeah, I think that kind of ties into this like formats from other videos. Um you know, like Sideshift, Migrate Mate were both kind of job boards in that regard. So there's a lot of similarities that you can transfer over. I think putting together hook ideas is like, you know, good but not necessary all the time. Um, I think sometimes having a few can be a good starting point, but I don't I think sometimes the challenge people run into is they just overwhelm their creators and they just throw like this 50page brief at them and it's like a like nobody wants to read that. like they're just going to open it up and see how overwhelming it is and just instead of hitting, you know, the the few key points that are actually important to learn, they'll just skip it all together because they're like, I don't want to sift through this. And so it's like how can we condense the most important information and just like give that to, you know, our creators. Um pay as well. This is usually something you'll talk about with the creators as well. We kind of recommend like a hybrid model. So $15 to $20 per video with a base retainer is is pretty common. And then we like to throw pretty generous performance bonuses as well. I think it really aligns incentives and, you know, can drive a ton of just engagement. It'll it'll, you know, incentivize them to engage with comments after they just post the video. Um, and so I think there's, you know, a lot of good that comes from this kind of hybrid model in terms of attracting quality people with that retainer and then just aligning incentives with those bonuses. Um, rules, guidelines, whatever this be a lot is like, hey, mention our company, don't mention other companies, don't do XYZ. Um, some people like to have ownership and usage rights and so they'll have people upload, you know, videos to a Google Drive. But I would say from a high level, like keep the creator brief short and sweet, but like try and, you know, add some valuable information that, you know, people can just act on right away. >> Yeah, this is gold. Um, could you screen share again? And, um, I want to show you something actually. Could you go to spytalk.com and then type in >> like because to your point about how do you give your creators formats that you know are already working in the niche? I just wanted quick quickly demo this. So just like type this >> in. I think it'll be a good example. >> So these are like >> Yeah, we could even >> Yeah. Try the keywords that I sent you. >> Yeah. Like these are like this is interesting too cuz I is this like oh interesting I like this like this one for example 61.8 um obviously this looks like it was you know a little higher higher quality um but I think yeah this is like great you know just finding potential inspiration and tools out there. This is yeah, this is this is a great tool and I'm sure it's like one of those things where you know you just play around with a ton of keywords like even if there's content that you have out there like kind of trying to dump maybe some of those captions or you know what you're having your creators look for when they're warming up their accounts and things like that. Yeah, this is a this is a really cool tool. I'll definitely have to do a little more research on this. Good plug. Could you also um quickly explain like the warm-up process? >> Yeah. So, yeah, to kind of chat through the the warm-up process, I know everyone kind of has their different views and I think there's a lot of just unknown. Um, and so I don't think anyone's necessarily right or wrong. There's, you know, different ways to do it that still work. Um, I think how we try and describe it to our creators is by just saying like put yourself in the shoes of kind of the end user. Like if I'm promoting for Sideshift, like act as if you're a broke college student that like needs a side hustle and like maybe makes content already or has, you know, done side hustles in the past and just like act as if you're one of those people and just engage with that content consistently. You need you need to act human. like these algorithms get better every single month. And so if you just like spam and interact with every single post and just like scroll very quickly, like people can tell that's not just like human behavior. You know, act as if you're actually scrolling. It's it's definitely very tedious and probably the worst part of this entire process. And so how we try and frame it to our creators is like, look, we want to have you making content with us for, you know, the next year potentially. And like the account warm-up process kind of lays the foundation for that. And so do it right the first time so that you ideally don't need to make another account and start over from scratch. And like as you build up this account like you'll have thousands and thousands of followers if if done correctly that you'll gain over the next few months. And so just take the extra you know few hours that it takes to warm it up properly. We typically do like a three to five day warm-up. I like to start my creators posting on Mondays. And so if I onboard a crew on like Wednesday, like maybe the warm-up process is a little bit longer. If I onboard them on Friday, maybe it's a little bit shorter. Um I think that stuff's a little arbitrary. I think if you just maybe take a little bit more time um on a shorter like day window, maybe you spend, you know, an extra hour warming it up, like that's one way to do it. Um and so I think there's different methodologies for it. A lot of people have like the bottom up approach. you know, you're sharing, you're commenting, you're liking, you're engaging. Um, but I think just like the bottom line is like you just need to act like a human. Um, and act like a human that's in that niche that you're actually promoting. And I think it goes a long way. And there's all these like little I think like kind of nuances that you can do to your account that I think just help in the long run. And there's tons of guides out there. Um, but yeah, like kind of like long stories, just like keep it short and sweet for the creators. like give them their your maybe list of like nuances that they need to do when setting up their account. Um but otherwise, yeah, that's kind of what I think works best. >> Yeah, cuz at the end of the day, no one really knows like how to get around anti-bot. Like we don't have visibility into Tik Tok algorithm. So, right, >> you kind of just have to like But if you think about it, like they're they have the antibbot to to filter out people that are not human. So just act human and >> right >> it should work. Yeah. >> Right. Seems simple and I the these algorithms you know they get better every single day because obviously their end goal is to reduce bot activity and so the more just organic and authentic you can be. Um I think yeah I definitely think there's a very strong correlation to how these accounts perform. >> Nice. Um can we talk about that uh photo app? >> Yeah. So we just started working with a uh a solo founder. Um he's building an app called Photogenic. Um pretty much like AI photo albums. So think you're instead of taking your grad photos, you can just leverage his platform. Instead of taking head shot, you can just use the app. You know, there's different use cases that he's starting to see pop up like even ID photos um for like, you know, student IDs or work IDs, stuff like that. Um and so he had never run organic before. um but has built you know a ton of mobile products and you know heard about us through obviously the Twitter boy and so reached out had a conversation with him um he's like yeah I'm just going to you know start small with one creator try and you know figure out some formats that you know work um and so he you know he actually took a lot of time sifting through applicants I think on our platform he got few hundred applicants and he like took a really long time to like look through their account, see if they'd made content before. Um, like look at their Tik Tok, see if they had gone viral before. And so, let me maybe share my screen and see if I can pull up his account real quick. Um, so yeah, he had like 600 applicants. Obviously, it takes a while to sift through and he was only hiring one, so he obviously had to be a little bit more selective, but it was a few things. Uh, first thing, this is the the girl he ended up hiring. If we if we check out her Tik Tok, like a she had just even on her own Tik Tok had a history of going viral, like has had a ton of posts perform well. Hasn't even posted a ton, but just has seen, you know, some really strong results. So, that was obviously a huge indicator. Um, second indicator is like when he actually had a conversation with her, she was extremely responsive. She was like wanting to run strategy on the account. She's like, "I have a ton of ideas that I would love to experiment with." And it's funny cuz he was like, "Anytime I would throw an idea at her to try it out, like it would perform terribly." So, I ended up just letting her run things fully. And I think that's like one of the fine lines between like giving people just enough information on kind of what your product is and who you're targeting and then letting them run free. Obviously, you know, not every creator is built the same and some people need to be you need to be a little bit more hands-on with. Um, but yeah, just like in her case alone, I think it's good to like figure out how hands-on or hands off they want to be with everything. But yeah, we can pull up how this account performed and it's just absolutely insane. Um, 40 46 posts on this campaign and doing 35 million total views. Like that's almost a million views per post, which is insane, especially for for his first crack at it. um hiring one creator and just like hitting the jackpot right away. Um I think there's a few interesting things that he noticed from this process as well. Like a insane growth in users. Um so he saw like a 10x growth in just like the amount of downloads that he was getting on a on a weekly basis which is obviously huge. Um, but what's really interesting too is before when people would go to his app, it would convert at around 5 to 10%, like let's say someone views him on the app store, um, the chance that they actually downloaded the app was like 1 in 10 or even 1 in 20, which is extremely low. And obviously for new apps that, you know, don't have a ton of ratings, don't have a ton of social proof, like people are just, you know, less likely to give them a shot. Um, and since running this organic playbook, you know, it was converting at over 50%. So, one out of every two people that actually searched him up on the app store or saw him on the app store was downloading it. And I think it just goes to show that like hearing about a product through just like an organic piece of content gives it so much more credibility that these views and these engagements, they convert at such a higher rate. And so I think it goes to show that like organic I I think is starting to become, you know, leaps and bounds more effective than even paid ads for a lot of these consumer products out there. But yeah, I mean this account was going absolutely, you know, crazy. Um, we can pull it up here and and just see. And what's funny is like one of the things that was working really well um is like he had a bunch of conceptions of like let me just show the best pieces of content of the product but like one thing let's see if I can find uh I don't know which video it was but like he was just showing she was like posting like when the AI would mess up and like the crazy like formats that it would pump out and I think that was that was pretty comical. Um, I think I don't know if we can maybe pull this one up, but like yeah, like for example, like has like a third leg sticking out and it just drove so much engagement. She was like great in the comments as well, like responding to comments like as soon as someone asks like what the app is, plugging photogenic in. Um, and so yeah, super, you know, strong results from someone that has just started it. And so he's like he's also just learned a lot about his product in itself. Like I think when you get so many more users on your product, he's been able to just create such an environment in there that has increased retention and you know just drove tons of super users that I think he wouldn't have otherwise had if he got if he didn't get that influx of users right off the bat. Um and so yeah, he's been he's been crushing. So that's been, you know, really cool to see for someone that's just kind of giving it a go at their first their first time at it. >> That's wild of 35 million views with 50 videos. It's so true. But also like when you have an ad on Tik Tok or Instagram or YouTube or anything, you automatically like it's labeled as an ad and you know it's an ad. So of course the landing page conversion is going to be lower than if the person's like actively searching for the app in the app store because there's no link to the to the app store, right? like on these any of these videos, they're like closing the Tik Tok app, going to the app store, searching it in, >> and then >> once they find the app, of course, they're not going to like like drop off at that point. Like maybe 50% do, but >> that's just like so much better than um maybe accidentally clicking the ad and then be like, "Oh, I don't want this." >> Exactly. Exactly. >> That's really cool. Um nice. That's a great case study. Can we look at the the studio as well? >> Yeah, for sure. So, yeah. So, we've been working with an app studio um Vert Ventures. They're they're promoting a couple of their apps right now. Astro is like astrology app. Haven is like a a Bible study app. And one thing that they've done a really good job of, I think both of their apps have been like top five in their category for past few weeks or they've been in and out of it, but I know they've been crushing. And one thing that they've done a great job of is finding winning formats in organic and sparking them into paid. And so I think there's like some products I think are naturally better for organic and some products are naturally better for paid. And I think they've found this good blend of the ability to drive downloads through organic and find a way to just repurpose that content for paid. And so I think it's it's definitely something that's a lot harder, you know, to learn and master. like they're wicked smart on the grow side over there and you know have a history of just doing insane stuff in terms of distribution. Um but they've just experimented with so many different formats creators from every side of the spectrum. You know they've got a few girls, a few guys working on it, bunch of different ages, tons of different formats. like we can, you know, click on this video for example and it's like talking about, you know, your your sign and how, you know, Astra helped them find their sign and stuff like that as opposed to like, you know, we've got this kid over here who's talking and just displaying a ton of astrology knowledge and, you know, plugging, you know, Astra is obviously a resource to, you know, kind of try and find this uh this information, especially if you're, you it's something that you're interested in. Um, and so it's been it's interesting to see how, you know, a lot of different apps can take a very different approach and still, you know, see great results. And I think it just comes down to, you know, that that piece of you just need to experiment and throw a ton of shots on goal and just start to figure out, you know, where your app kind of fits into the kind of distribution network and what levers you can pull on um to really just drive the biggest impact. And so I think it's it's something they've done, you know, a great job of over the past like few months and honestly over the since since they've launched. >> That's awesome. So, you're getting all these downloads from your viral Tik Toks. How do you actually turn these people into customers? You do that with payw walls with Superwall. So, Superwall helps you build payw walls for your mobile apps. And Superwall is sponsoring this pod, but they've also just been super active members of Consumer Club for forever. And yeah, Consumer Club is where I talk to other app founders about these strategies every day. We talk about what's working, what's not working for viral distribution and just other ways of doing marketing uh for your apps. So check out Superwell, check out Consumer Club, back to the pod. I feel like for app studios like this where they're building multiple apps, it's a really great way to test like you see the huge numbers and it's like, oh yeah, you can scale, you can get, you know, hundreds, thousands of downloads on your app, but it seems like an actually pretty cheap way to test a market, too. like if if someone has an app and they're trying to test this marketing channel with short form Tik Tok or short form organic, what what strategy have you seen work well for just doing kind of like lowbudget tests and validating uh app ideas? >> Yeah. No, it's it's it's totally true and I think it's going to become even more true as coding just becomes easier and easier as these tools get better and better. You know, we see teams that are shipping products every single week, you know, running distribution on them for a month and a either just pivoting their product, maybe they, you know, had a great thesis, but the way, you know, users are actually leveraging and using their product is just different than, you know, they initially set out to. Um, and so, you know, just refining products so much quicker. I think that's just a way people have been testing, too. And then another way is just like, hey, like, do people actually care about this? Like, if I, you know, can run organic and get a few hundred users on this, like, will they stay? Will they continue to use the product? Will they turn out right away? Will any of them actually pay for this? And so, I think it's a really quick way to just like validate your idea, validate if like people care about it. Um, because like sure, you can get, you know, a couple hundred people to just download your product. Like that's one thing, but can you continue to get these people to, you know, stay on the product and, you know, even pay for your product? And so I think it's just been such a quick way to just really close that feedback loop. You know, you can hire a couple creators, pump out, you know, 30, 50 videos, you know, get a ton of eyeballs on it in a really short period of time and either make the necessary adjustments that you're seeing on the product. maybe switch the format, switch the messaging that you're using, maybe see if it's maybe better for a different target audience. And so I I just think there's a ton of experimentation. And I think the the beauty with UGC is like you can run so much experimentation for so cheap. You know, you're paying what is it 20 or so dollars for each video. Like you can run so many different formats. You can target a handful of different audiences if you're still trying to figure that aspect out. And like you can just iterate so much quicker and you know so much more cost-effectively. And that's why I think so many of these companies are now just like fundraising as app studios with the the like maybe some core thesis that they have and just testing that thesis out with, you know, 10 or 20 different products before they maybe find the two or three that they want to double down on. >> What deal structure would you do to get like minimum viable test? like would you book a creator for a whole month and get try to get 30 videos or would you do like one week of videos or would you do like one single video? How would you like approach that if you're just trying to test as quickly as possible? >> Yeah. So, I think if you're running paid um as opposed to organic, I think you could do creators on like a week-toeek basis. Maybe you have them pump out like five to 10 different formats that you just run paid ads across. Um, and I think you can get really good feedback there. Like, do any of these formats convert? Like, do people actually download when they see this? And like maybe we find one or two winning formats, maybe we double down on that. And, you know, then we can compare that to organic as well. And so I think for organic the challenge with a really short time period is, you know, you just don't get a ton of data. And I think it the game's a little bit different than paid. I mean, personally, I think like a two week timeline is pretty pretty sufficient. um you'll start to get a good sense of hey like especially if we have a few creators like if none of these creators accounts are moving and like even if their accounts are moving and getting views but we're not seeing conversions like why is that you know like try and figure out the why behind it and then like when you understand like maybe why things aren't working even if you pivot and you know run things over the next two weeks and are still seeing very similar you know results that just don't seem to be very promising then it's like one those things like, okay, maybe we need to question what we're building and what this thesis is. And, you know, maybe we just need to figure out, you know, a different product idea or a different, I guess, kind of take on whatever we're building right now. >> That's great. That's great advice. Super actionable. Is there anything else you wanted to I think that that was like the most of the stuff I wanted to cover. Is there anything else you wanted to cover? Yeah. I mean, I think one thing that I've been thinking a lot about in this kind of just consumer distribution space is how quickly it's evolved and changed. And I think, you know, we look back to, you know, 3 to four years ago was kind of just like when influencer marketing really started to take off. And I think like within the past, you know, couple of years, like it's kind of pivoted more into like this micro influencer marketing and like now it's kind of come down to UGC marketing. And so I think what's interesting is I think there will be a convergence in the sense that like, you know, the price that influencers are getting paid is coming down, you know, and the price that UGC creators it's kind of starting to converge. And I think the reality is is like these algorithms reward quality content and so you no longer need to have hundreds of thousands of followers to you know drive an impact and I think the reality is too like with cheaper creators there's so much more experimentation that can be done. I think the beauty of it too is like when you bring these creators on board, you know, it's going directly into your audience as opposed to, you know, an influencer. Like sure, they may be in your niche, but there's never a onetoone overlap. And so, I think it'll be interesting to see how this space continues to evolve. Um, yeah, I I think my my take on it is like the cost of, you know, influencer and micro influencer marketing will continue to drop down. I do think that massive enterprise brands will continue to dump money into it because the way I view it is more of just like brand awareness and tying your brand to a personality. Um, I don't necessarily think there's a strong ROI there. And that's why I think so many startups and even like middle to late stage growth companies are starting to lean into this kind of UGC playbook because they realize that like the ROI, the impressions that they're able to generate is just vastly, you know, cheaper than what you might have to pay to an influencer. And so I think the one thing that'll be interesting to see too is like as AI and the content that you can produce with AI evolves, it's like where does that pillar fit into kind of this scene? You know, I I think there's very much so a chance that it kind of can be just another distribution channel. I I see I think we're starting to see different use cases pop up there with especially with kind of V3 and you know the type of content that is starting to get produced out of there. I I I still think there's a definitely a level of skill that is, you know, being taken to have to produce that highquality content. Um, and so I think as those tools become more intuitive and, you know, they have more reach and kind of anyone can start to create this content, um, that will be really interesting to see and seeing even how creators can begin to leverage these tools and kind of use that as even a complement to, you know, the content that they're already making. >> It it reminds me of just like people people say marketing channels are dead. Like I I see these tweets all the time where people are like paid ads is dead, cold email is dead, you know, all like SEO is dead, but I feel like nobody's paying attention to organic UGC. It's just like such a sleeper channel. Like maybe it is it because it's Gen Z like why you think Sideshift is doing so well right now? like clear clearly like the results are good, but why why was no one else really doing this before you guys showed up? >> Yeah, I I think it I think there's a there's a few a few reasons. I think like number one is like this organic UGC stuff is still relatively new. Like I think you know like the hardcore consumer founders have been running this playbook for a while and I think you know these marketing channels they take time to start to reach you know bigger companies and other companies that just are not as familiar with the distribution space in general. And so I think as I think it'll continue to get more popular over time, like as people continue to have, you know, these insane results, it it's very similar with how influencer marketing and micro influencer marketing, you know, started to blow up for a few years um because people were having insane results. You know, app goes to number one running this playbook. It's the same idea. as more and more kind of proof of concepts start to evolve, more people will start, you know, being like, "Okay, I guess this actually is a viable marketing channel, I still think there's a lot of people that, you know, don't necessarily have a ton of faith in it." And I think sometimes, you know, those are just, you know, the late adopters and the people that kind of get to the punch first are going to continue to be rewarded. And I think, you know, as it gets a little bit more crowded, it'll be interesting to see like what strategies need to be taken to, you know, ensure that you're still getting, you know, good ROI from kind of that distribution lens. Um, I think another thing in terms of like why we've had a lot of success, I think there's something to be said about like our core demographic being college students. I think, you know, there's tons of creator marketplaces out there, but there's still really like influencer marketing in the sense that like it's content creators that already have massive followings on Tik Tok or Instagram that are going to these marketplaces to try and sign brand deals. And so when people come there to try and hire for UGC, there's just a little bit of a disconnect. And so I think like us going the college route from the start like I mean we physically went to 25 different college campuses in person to onboard kind of that first 10 to 20,000 users. And I think because of that like we've gotten really strong word of mouth and growth within college. Like I think a lot of people that see our content like it kind of just feels like this like college gen Z marketplace. And I think because we built up our core audience kind of in that space, we've actually been able to, you know, have a lot stronger results with the brands that we work with because the big thing is like these kids, you know, they're hungry. They're they're not able to find these jobs. Like they're not these massive influencers on TikTok that just have extremely high expectations. And a lot of them are just really eager to get experience. You know, working with a really fast growing startup that's building a really cool product is extremely exciting and being able to have a direct impact on their growth. Like that's more meaningful a lot of the time than you know the potential, you know, few hundred or few thousand dollars that you're going to get paid out. And so I think like we've just tried to instill with a lot of the businesses that we work with. It's like look like make this relationship more than just a transaction. Like try and you know build this as a relationship. Like we always frame it to our creators. It's like look you might start as a content creator but like next thing you know you could be a strategist for our campaigns or for some of the campaigns for the companies we work with. And like a lot of the times that leads to you know these growth marketing distribution roles which are starting to become more and more important. And so I think it's just more so a framing thing and just the reality that like hey these are college educated kids. They're smart, but they're hungry. And like when you pair those things together, I think you can really see some, you know, really impactful results. >> That's so true. I feel like um yeah, there's no like UGC school. There's no like University of UGC. So, the only way to really get these people into senior roles is to get them the experience first and then, you know, have them uh take on these head of growth roles. I've seen that so many times like start out as a Tik Tok intern and then they get good at it and then they can now manage and hire um and you know help grow you know more employees like uh more Tik Tok people um and you can like that's when you really scale. That's about it from me. Thanks for sharing. I think yeah there wasn't more that I wanted to cover. Is I mean I I like the I like the stuff that you keep adding though. Is there was there anything else? No, I honestly like No, that was great. I also like Thanks for plugging that spy talk tool. I had actually never heard of it, but this is a sick product. >> Yeah, that's that's me actually. >> Oh, that's your product? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I co-founded that with um one of the members of Consumer Club. >> No way. >> And he he does consulting. He's done like millions of views for his clients just doing like or mass organic Tik Tok. But then the first half of that consulting process is always doing research and finding winning formats in a niche. >> So usually he builds this white label as just like a custom like research tool for his clients. But then I saw it and I was like wait this should be like a product for every like anyone who's running UGC should just be using this. Check out these other videos on the channel. We have other pod interviews. I always try to keep it as tactical as possible, diving into case studies, tactics, what's working right now for viral distribution, growth hacking for apps. Check out these other videos.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [19/28] Meet The Guy Who Solved App Growth on TikTok
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aNVPMvd8WU
Duration: 39:09
Words: 8,704

In the last year, the founders on Nick Weber's platform generated over 2.5 billion with a B views. >> 2.5 billion views seems like a crazy number. We were super surprised by the number, too. >> But even though they were surprised, this had nothing to do with luck. They're actually one of the few teams I've seen truly get viral Tik Tok growth down to a science. And it started with this weird discovery he calls the eggs theory. We noticed that the ones that were doing higher views always had some form of eggs on them. It's relatable. It's healthy. It's easily understood. it seems achievable because it's cheap. >> He realized that tiny, seemingly random details could be the difference between a thousand views and 10 million. So, he built a system to test all these details at a massive scale. Instead of hiring a few creators, he built a platform that allows 50,000 people to post content all at the same time. A lot of the other folks out there are taking, you know, five people, 10 people, and saying, "Hey, post this kind of content for us twice a day." And what we're saying instead is, "Hey, 50,000 people post this content." and he calls it the shots on goal effect. And he uses it to run two distinct playbooks at the same time. First, higheffort UGC videos designed to go viral with a soft call to action. And second, thousands of simple slideshows with a hard call to action that act as a retargeting campaign for anyone who saw the first viral video. Maybe the million view video is like a little bit of a softer CTA that like barely mentioned Noise app. And then all the like small view videos are a little bit harder CTA, which is probably why they didn't get as many views, but it's functioning sort of like as a retargeting ad. He doesn't guess what works. He just lets the data tell him. They found that a video starting with don't get a second job went viral, while the same video starting with everybody needs a side hustle flopped. You would be shocked at what is the thing that sets it off, right? Originally, we weren't using the don't get a second job as the start to this whole like paragraph text here. I think it was like everybody needs a side hustle. Don't get a second job is what ended up making it go viral. >> And what he's learning is that going viral has a lot less to do with being creative and much more to do with thinking like a scientist. You don't have to be super creative. You just have to be creative in showing how your app fits [music] or product or whatever it is fits into an existing viral format. I like to say I think Pablo Picasso is the one that said that great artists steal. In this episode, Nick Weber breaks down the science of virality. How to find winning formats by copying what already works. How to use a two-pronged content strategy to drive both awareness and conversion. And how to build a distribution machine that gives you an unfair advantage over everyone else. This is a master class in growth not as an art, but as a science. Let's get into it. This is the Superall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the Consumer Club Discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their payw walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwwell. But one thing you might not know is Superwwell has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own payw wall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pod. Okay, so 1 year into noise and the founders on your platform have gotten more than two billion views which is pretty insane. first of all, how this was achieved, how those 2.5 billion views happened, and then also like how you guys got started. >> I mean, 2.5 billion views seems like a crazy number. [laughter] We were actually not really keeping track. We looked at it here at the end of the year to kind of like milestone what we've done in the last year. And we were super surprised by the number, too. We knew it was high, but we didn't know it was this high. It's just the accumulation of a bunch of stuff, right? Tons of super viral videos. We've got another one going out right now that's 22 million views in 4 days. It's those kinds of big ones and then what we call just like this massive ground game of hundreds of thousands of posts going out there that do 500 to a,000 2,000 views a pop and it really just starts to add up. >> So there's a bunch of like videos on your platform that are getting a bunch of views. What's the secret? How are they getting so many views? >> It's a distribution problem, right? And so a lot of the other folks out there are taking, you know, five people, 10 people and saying, "Hey, post this kind of content for us twice a day." And what we're saying instead is, hey, 50,000 people post this content and here's exactly what you need to post and here's all the assets for it and here's what you say and here's your description and it just goes absolutely crazy from there. We call it sort of like a shots on goal effect where just by naturally having a 100,000 pieces of content out there a day at least, you're going to get something that hits. And if it doesn't hit, it's going to quickly tell you why through, you know, analytics or just general viewership. And you can use that information to slightly tweak stuff to then make it just go crazy. [music] And I want to underscore how crazy it is that just changing the text or changing the picture or the first couple seconds of your video can be the difference between 1,000 views and 10 million views. Like it really just boils down as stuff that's that simple. >> Yeah. I want to get into kind of the science of that and all the little >> I'll talk to you about uh eggs theory. It'll blow your mind. >> Oh, just tell me that right now. In the early days when we were doing slideshows for a brand that we were working with, we noticed that the ones that were doing higher views always had some form of eggs on them. I can actually pull up an example here for you too. Yeah. So, this is just from one account and there were many of them doing this and you'll notice on all of these that aesthetically they're sort of similar, but they all have some version of egg in them. And so we started calling it the eggs theory and it really helped us solidify what hooks meant because we thought that the eggs here were making it go viral because it was about clean eating. It was about healthy eating. And eggs [music] are one instantly visually understandable. Not only are they a whole food and healthy, but they're also super affordable, right? Everybody knows what an egg is. The last election was based on the prices of egg cost, which is crazy that this little piece of food makes that much of a difference. You see over and over and over again that putting hard-boiled eggs, putting scrambled eggs in these first hook images just absolutely was a rocket ship in terms of viewership. >> I don't really get it, but like if it works, it works. Tik Tok is very mysterious. Sometimes >> it's all just about relevancy and then how it relates to the person that's watching it, right? You know, if you've ever tried to eat healthy before, you're probably eating scrambled eggs. You're probably eating hard-boiled eggs. This is aesthetically what you would call like, you know, Pinterest sort of design style. They're all AI generated and they just sort of hit whatever that nerve is for people that are trying to eat healthy. And that visual language and that visual relatability just instantly send them to the next slide. And that's huge signals to Tik Tok to push it into like, you know, crazy viral view ranges. So, I also want to give a disclaimer. Like, the reason why I invited you on the pod was because I had someone else on the pod, Kyle, and he just randomly brought up noise and he was just like, "This is basically how we do our mass slideshows." And he just promoted you guys for like 10 minutes straight. Yeah. I normally don't cover like platforms. I like to talk to founders mostly on Super Bowl channel, but I feel like you have a ton of insight. So, I'm excited to get into the all the Tik Toks. >> I mean, shout out Kyle. We're not here to charge somebody $15, $20,000 ahead of time to go make content for you. We're just building the tool and we want the tool for founders to access in a way that people have been able to access, you know, meta [music] ads, but meta ads just they don't work the way that people think that they should work and they're super expensive. So, we're just building the alternative to that, an absolute perfect case study of it. They're getting crazy views, good installs, and you know, we love to see that. >> So, you're trying to replace meta ads or be an alternative to meta ads. How does that actually work? >> I mean, we come from a background of, you know, performance marketing. That's where myself and the other founders really cut our teeth. And when we really started, we've been app founders for a long time. And when we first started, it was always, all right, well, yeah, performance marketing, that's the way to go get people. We did a bunch of really crazy growth hacks in the early days, too, that worked. But scale was a little bit different for those. I could tell some crazy stories about how we scaled up really really cheap traffic on our last app, but some of those are are definitely gatekept secrets that we want to hold close to the pocket, but really what we found out was that Tik Tok [music] was the best distribution system at cost. And when you see how Tik Tok works to serve people content and how Meta or even YouTube or Google or whoever else you want to compare it to works to serve content to people who are interested in, you know, whatever ad they're showing, the short form media content works exactly the same way, right? If you're interested in cats, you're going to get cat content on your short form feed. All you have to do is make your product relevant to that cat content and then boom, there you go. feels like completely organic discovery even if it's super super implicit and it just converts like absolute gang busters. So for us the aha moment was we started trying this for ourselves in July of 2024 and we just started handing some of our internal players slideshows that pseudo promoted our app at the time and when we had one slideshow do 20,000 views in a week. maybe this is the secret sauce and we just started asking other folks that we knew that were in the same space like building apps if they wanted to try it as well and it just kind of took off from there. This is our Discord chat right now. I'm very excited to get into all these cuz you just sent me all of these like Tik Toks that got tons of views and then also were like actually promoting a brand, but I feel like you have a ton of insight. So, I'm excited to get into the all the Tik Toks. So on the noise platform, the way that you have the all these slideshows go out is you basically upload a bunch of your own content, like the slideshows onto the platform and then hundreds of people come in and post those slideshows on their actual phones. Like the content is going out organically, but the creators on the platform aren't really creating the content themselves. So we have two different variations where we have people that just post, you know, shotgun slideshows where you're aiming for just total mass distribution. And then we also have a higher class of user who we've, you know, upskilled or graduated through our app into posting that kind of traditional UGC content that you're used to. And what we found is both running together at the same time works great. And the secret for us has always been don't make your creators think about how to create this content. Right? If you go into the noise app right now, we just give you everything. So all you need to do is worry about curating your account and posting that content on a regular schedule and then you're instantly getting feedback of I'm getting paid for every single view that I get. Creators on noise are not meant to really invent their own formats. You should just come with the format and then create the content and then they'll post it hundreds of times for you. And you pay CPM, right? So you don't pay creators like retainers or anything like that. You just pay like per how many views that they get. >> That's right. Yeah. And importantly on those CPMs too, you set them. So the brands that come in, we say, "All right, generally what are you trying to target for a download? What's your cost per install?" And that's usually what we set the CPMs at. So depending on their product, depending on how many views you get, there's a lot of different levers that you can pull, but just I mean for ourselves, we're averaging like 30 cent installs using our own platform. So the cost is just you can't compare it to anything else. It's insane when you get the machine up and running. >> Okay, so now we have the mechanisms. Can you just walk through some of these examples of successful Tik Toks that have been posted on the platform? >> Yeah, I mean just uh opening these Lingo Pingo examples. This is probably what people are most familiar with. This is the result of us basically handing our creators the idea that we think goes viral. An example for them to kind of look at of one that was similar. I think that the originator of this trend was some random woman who just made something she thought was funny of her like crying to pronounce some word on Google. When you're on Google Translate on the search engine results page, it tells you, you know, how to say this word correctly and she's just fumbling over it and crying, right? And then this concept can be applied to any language. And so these examples were shown to the creators. We give them the exact instructions on what to do, how to prompt the app, why it specifically works, why it's funny, using, you know, an innuendo, and having the app roast you. And we went to sleep and woke up the next day, and this already had like 20 million views on it. This format just absolutely ripped all through October and November of people crying to the app, the app roasting them, or 15 different variations of it. The concept of AI being mean to you, I feel like that is very applicable across different niches, too. And then if your app is about AI itself, maybe it's like a GBT rapper in some vertical, like the video will be about the app itself. So you're probably going to get these comments that say, "What's the app?" And then that's like very high converting. I'm sure everyone is familiar with the whole Craigslist analogy of every different form on Craigslist ended up being some unicorn company. What's interesting is there's a lot of similarities to popular subreddits in the content space as well. If you've been making content, this has been this way for years and years and years, but roast me is a super popular subreddit. And this is just roast me content from an AI, right? You can do sort of the same thing if you go through Reddit of really popular subreddits and say, "Oh, roast me is here. How can I make content that resonates with that crowd?" Because it's already been confirmed popular based on how people are interacting with the Reddit. That's a good like place to find the source of ideas, Reddit. Do you do that right now like to find new content formats? >> If I'm not familiar with the space, I will definitely look at Reddit just to understand how people talk about it. There is for sure nuance in how you talk about things, right? If you play a certain popular video game, the way you talk about that video game, it's pretty instantly clear if you know what you're talking about or if you don't. And these sort of online communities behave similarly. So Reddit is definitely a place where we take some inspiration, but ultimately the best inspiration is on whatever social media app you're posting on. I like to say we don't have to be super creative. We just have to have a good eye for what's already gone viral and how we can apply it to ourselves. And that's how we've hit number five in our category, number seven in our category twice in a row. Every time we've tried to hit top 10, we've done it by just copying what's already done well and slotting noise into those scenarios. >> Yeah, it's kind of meta. I'm curious to see how you actually do it with the Noise app. Let's look at a couple of these examples. Don't get a second job. Instead, download the Noise app. I make noise posts every night for $20. It doesn't sound like a lot, but it adds up. It's additional $500 a month, which helps with groceries. Why did this go viral? >> There was a woman who had posted this very similarly, and it was talking about her cleaning up Airbnbs after church, and that's how her and her husband like make some extra spending cash, right? So, I'm like, okay, clearly this resonated. So now I just have to take that similar concept and we put it into playbooks and noise give it to our noise users and they post it. And this one since we use our own platform this was doing 8 cent installs for about 3 days and this hit us to number seven in our category. Really the conversion is what is the noise app? I haven't heard of this thing before. How does it work? And you can see people in the comments here like asking what is the noise app? How does it work? To be clear this was not the only one. We had like four, five, six, one of a similar post that all did over a million views and uh it was always washing the dishes. We tried vacuuming. We tried pouring coffee into a cup, but none of it worked the same way that washing the dishes did. >> So there's like a bunch of different people like all doing the same thing, but in each of their houses, just like washing dishes with basically the same caption on top, or was it like variations of the caption, too? >> Subtle variations. Like I had mentioned, you would be shocked at what is the thing that sets it off, right? Originally, we weren't using the don't get a second job as the start to this whole like paragraph text here. Don't get a second job is what ended up making it go viral. And so, if you start breaking those down, no one really likes being told what to do. Saying you need a side hustle is making a bunch of assumptions that the viewer might be uncomfortable with or whatever else, right? There's like a lot of nuanced psychology there. However, don't get a second job is still saying the same thing, but it is provides like a totally different like sentiment to the same concept. And little changes like that are again that difference between 10,000 views and a million views. >> There's like some kind of novelty effect of this too where it's like you can really make $20 a day by making posts like with an app. It just seems like almost not too good to be true, but it's like crazy concept. People probably immediately go to the comments and looking for like people that are calling it out as a scam or something. But you just you kind of like organically have people like saying like, "Hey, I actually have it. Like it worked." And then some people like asking genuinely, oh, how do you actually do this? So, it seems like people were by default not that skeptical. I think people were just like, oh, how do you do it? Like, how does this actually work? >> We've tried, I've made $7,000 and whatever. And the crazy thing is like we have users that have made $7,000 in a week on our platform. But as soon as they say that, everyone's like, "Oh, no. This is a scam. I don't believe it at all." So, that's where it's like we take $20 seems super achievable, right? Anyone can imagine a $20 bill in their hand, but then they're bad at math. So you say, "Oh, it's actually an extra $500 a month." And then that $500 is what they anchor on of, "Oh, my car payment is like $498 a month." Like that would be my car payment. That would be incredible. >> There's a little bit of a a like get-richqu guru inflation going on where there's like all these wild claims like 10,000 a month. I mean, I'm guilty of on this channel, too. I cover people who actually make that much money, but like people in the are always in the comments being like, "Oh, that's inconceivable. How could you actually make that much money?" But then like when you say, "Oh, this guy's making an extra 15k a month." And it's like, "Oh, actually like that's, you know, similar to my tech job." Like I could see myself making that. >> We figured this out way in the old days when we were doing our last app. It doesn't even matter if you show people receipts. Like if I show you my bank stub of how much I made posting on noise, everyone would be like, "Nope, that's fake. There's no way that's real." And so for us, it was a lot of just recentering people. And there's still a lot of skepticism, right? Because the internet's full of that. But this whole concept really did serious numbers for us. And you can see it kind of again here in this next one. >> Yeah. So you actually repeated the same concept for a client. >> Uh no, this is us again. This is the one that we hit number five in our app category doing this. >> My job has a mandatory secret Santa and the requirement is $60. That's nearly a full day of work just so Josh from finance can regift in 3 weeks. What are we doing for extra funds this year? Oh, so it's fishing for comments. >> Bingo. And I want to be like super explicit here that we use our own platform. And the reason why noise exists is because we initially built it as an internal growth hack tool. This is a growth hack tool that we used as app founders that we just built for ourselves and has turned into I want to use it as well. One of the things that we do all the time is how do we take new ideas and new concepts, use our platform to prove them true so that we can bring them to the rest of the people on noise. And this was us trying what we called a super implicit version where we don't even mention like the app at all. We don't noise isn't mentioned here at all except for in the description. And then we have our users do comment seating. I know people have talked about comment seating before and that's really really hard to do. Again, like it's a distribution and scale thing. And so we have the distribution and scale problem figured out by having our users be super plugged in and they're in here making comments about how the noise app worked for them to do whatever this video is about. Oh, I needed an extra $60 to buy this stupid thing. I did it on the noise app. >> So for my comment, I'll go this showed up first. My work has this too. I use the noise app to make extra money and that got a,000 likes. So that's good. I see 1,686 likes and for me that's at least a thousand people came and downloaded Noise just from that comment or they went and searched about us on Tik Tok where there's billion pieces of content about us and they're also using that to make their decision to go download the app. It's all a scale and distribution thing. >> So when you reach out to creators and you're about to invest into organic social and maybe boosting those videos with paid ads, you don't want to just let the creators do whatever they want. Most of the founders I talk to on this channel basically have the same content philosophy. The videos need to go viral but also convert and promote an app and ideally are also repeatable. And those formats are like gems and really hard to find. That's why Tik Tok can sometimes feel like a lottery system. So what a lot of consumer club members do is they use this tool called spy talk which brain rot scrolls hundreds of thousands of Tik Toks and just finds the most viral ones that promote apps. So here I search for fitness, gym, workouts. Let's say you like run a fitness app. I'm going to sort by most viral. And here's this 106x outlier video that promotes a fitness app. And it shows a text hook. It shows the image in the background. And then on the second slide, it has this CTA in a really creative way. And Spy Talk has been the secret weapon for growth strategy for 11 Labs and Ammo and Voodoo, which is the app studio that owns Bereal. So, I recommend Spy Talk. It really is the only other tool I explicitly recommend on this channel other than Superwall. Okay. I was just looking at Discord again and I saw where you said where it all started template links on Canva. I'm very curious about this. So, is this how you actually prompt your creators and you just let the creators kind of like mix and match the slides and like change up the the text? >> This was an internal tool for us where we like to do things that don't scale and then when we prove that they work, we scale them up. Our version of don't scale here was taking 30 of our most engaged users from our last app that were active in our community and saying, "Hey guys, we want to pay you to just post content on TikTok and we're going to give you all that content." And we had no other distribution method besides just handing them canvas slideshows. And so in the early days, like I would sit here and I make canvas slideshows myself. I know nothing about Brawl Stars. never played it before, but we knew there was massive demand capture in our player base at the time because we had a lot of people coming to the the app that we had at the time that played Brawl Stars. And so we knew that if we just made Brawl Stars content and at the end had a very explicit call to action here, Playbite's the fastest way to get gems if you know, you know, and have 35 people post it. We thought, you know, people will check it out and probably download Playbite. And we were just not prepared for how successful that would be. We went from just handing people canvas slideshows where they can edit things slightly or add their own pictures if they wanted to to having it all be served through the noise app and they don't even have to do this editing anymore. We just automatically do all the variations for them, give them to them in different orders, different texts, randomize all of it so it's all unique content that goes out. >> That's an interesting way of doing creative production that I think is like somewhat unique. This itself makes a good slideshow, but you can't have a 100 people post the same exact thing. you need to make variations in the text or the images and you're saying that the noise platform actually helps you do that. >> To be completely transparent, I've never posted on TikTok until July of 2024. This was just a a growth hack for us that turned into absolute obsession and necessity where it's now a game to figure out how do you make stuff go viral? How do you learn all of it? And we got to where we are by doing it ourselves. Really, all of this was learned through a lot of trial and error on our side, right? where we were trying to figure out what worked and what didn't and why and then build that into a product for ourselves to use that others could utilize. Personally, this is my account experimenting on what works. And you can see here like I haven't removed any videos. Like this is just 1 2 3 4 5 six posts that just absolutely ripped right out of the gate using a lot of the principles that we understood like 887K views on the first post experimenting with different hooks and whatever else. And these images, this hook image here specifically, I think this did like over 5 million views just being posted a few times. And this was back during the canvas slideshow days, right? We weren't actually serving any of this in the platform at the time. All of these learnings are just transcribed into what eventually became this, which is where everything is sort of run. And this is our noise dashboard. So this is us running our own content through the platform. And you can see in the last 30 days we've done almost well we've done 54 million views on both Instagram and Tik Tok and in YouTube as well. But importantly inside of the slideshows here we have this super basic one. You know I changed my life in 10 days. Slide 1 2 3 4 5. And we're setting exactly what all the captions are that come up. Everything that you see here you know this text that comes with the image. We've found that having the user actually paste that text on it inside of Tik Tok is better than just baking the text right on it. It sends a better signal to Tik Tok that it's, you know, a a real user doing the thing or could go into all sorts of my theories of how Tik Tok looks at information, whatever else. But all of these captions are set and then are randomized based on one all the images that you also set. So these would be the hook images. These would be the secondary option which is day one I found a girl on Tik Tok. So this is using that listical format that we talked about, right? And then the outcome is just a billion different variations of these slideshows that have different text, different hook images, different descriptions, different hashtags that all get sent to our users to then go post. What's really important here is I'm not looking for these to go viral, right? You can see there's 2 million views on them in the last 30 days as well, which is a small piece of that pie compared to everything else that's going out. But these serve as just total shotgun effect where if you've done programmatic marketing before, you're familiar with how Facebook does retargeting campaigns. We view these slideshows for us when we run both the the UGC side and the slideshow side. These function very similar to retargeting campaigns. And the cool thing is like if you have something viral for noise, you're going to see more noise content. And so we try and serve it up to people in a similar format and very explicit call to action here on what you can expect, right? Where I open this up and it's how I completely changed my life day one, day whatever. And there's just hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of these going out that drive that bottom ofunnel action, especially once you've seen something that's very viral. So there's kind of like a power law distribution here where the top videos are getting millions of views and then all the rest of videos are getting like a few thousand views, but the videos that get a few thousand views are getting shown on the feeds of those same people who watch that like viral million view. Maybe the million view video is like a little bit of a softer CTA that like barely mentioned noise app and then all the small view videos are a little bit harder CTA which is probably why they didn't get as many views but it's functioning sort of like as a retargeting ad. We've only really noticed this because we unlocked the scale and distribution part. That's the hardest part to do is to just get everybody posting all the same thing that you want and subtle variations of it to find your winners. We could spend time to try and make a slideshow go viral, but that's just not how we are using it for ourselves. We're very much more hunting for the viral hits more like UGC side where we have big ones like this go out like 3.8 million views, 5 million views, 2 million, 2 million, 1.6. Like these are the ones that are driving a lot of that discussion, a lot of that commenting, a lot of that curiosity that then those slideshows just come in with their explicit call to actions to then drive the user to actually go download noise. >> So you put in like a bunch of effort into UGC like UGC inherently is like a lot more effort. you need the human to like act like with their face and it's a little bit more manual versus the slideshows like you don't put as much effort in. You like put tons of combinations in just to like flood the feed. So, it's kind of like a two-pronged approach. You have the the UGC which is high effort. You're aiming for like a million views on those and then you do the slideshows as like a separate campaign. But do you do them at the same time? >> Yeah, running them at the same time is the best way to do it. We have this section here where you manage your different campaigns and you can see for us specifically we're running what we call like our premium content which is that UC and then we also run our basic slideshows and the basic slideshows are down there just scooping up everything. >> Can you give the sauce on the system prompt like how does it give like good copy cuz I feel like some of the examples that you showed with the Tik Toks the copywriting and the captions was really good. Really, the way that it works best is if you know generally what you want. And I can show you, you know, two versions of this where the AI is kind of giving you its best recommendation, but the best ones that we found so far are the ones where you're very curated with it and you're editing these captions yourselves. And simplicity is really what does it here. So, if you look at organic content, the ones that you spend the least amount of time on for some reason are the ones that always go viral. >> Interesting. And then what about the body slides? Like do you like have an idea of the caption and then use AI to generate variations on that too? >> Definitely. We used like chatbt and stuff in the past to help create variations of it. Personally, I think that the AI tools that exist out there right now aren't quite good enough to like feel that organic. A lot of times what we do is just take whatever that is. You can definitely achieve this kind of stuff by prompting. And we've had AI prompts do 1 plus million views, 2 million views as well. Just coming in here and saying like, "Okay, day one, found a girl on TikTok who made 5K last week just from posting on noise. My friend said she's been making free rent money from faceless posts on noise." Like just changing it up a little bit and making it feel super organic is a good place to start. >> Is the platform doing that for you or are you doing that in Chad PT? >> We are doing that currently. You can have the platform do it, but it's not where we've spent a lot of our time focusing on it. All that's coming later to help that become easier. Yeah, there's for sure like a learning curve here, right? And we are trying to provide as many resources as possible for the founders or whoever the product owner is that's coming in and making this content of, hey, here are really good examples for you to use. Don't overthink it. Just put something out there. It's very similar to you're better off starting with something than nothing because you'll at least learn what doesn't work or you might just absolutely hit gold right off the rip. >> Cuz the normal way of doing this is you find creators to make slideshows. you pay them maybe $200 to $500 a month to post 20 slideshows a month and maybe they'll hit, maybe they won't. One thing that I really want to highlight here when I go into our playbooks and and if you're familiar with like how meta ads work, we sort of do it in a similar fashion where we have the campaigns the same way that they do. We have playbooks the same way that they serve adets and then the posts are underneath each of those playbooks for us. And you can see all these ones down here that I paused, which is us just hunting for what is going to be that thing. And it's so much faster to say like, okay, 446 posts went out on this one in 2 weeks. So, or a week. Clearly, this one didn't hit. I could remove that one and try something else. >> So, it got posted 400 times and it got 200,000 views total for the campaign. Is that like a not good result in your book? >> Yeah. So, in this one, not good result, right? I'm sure that there was conversion here, but it wasn't that I'm looking for 1 2 3 weeks range of something to go viral after tweaking and iterating on the prompts that we're giving those creators. We see none of this really popped off. We're just going to pause this playbook for now, maybe revisit it later, but ultimately it's how do I slot a new one in to take that place. And so us shifting those out and then putting in how are we making money by Christmas playbook which you know you can see here at 9 million views. Clearly this is one that hit different. >> Okay. I want to go into like hot takes. So you have a lot of interesting hot takes and I want to just like get you to explain some of these. Hot take number one. Videos with less than 500 views still convert. Why do you believe this? >> The Tik Tok algorithm is incredible. That's really what unlocks all of this is they understand when you post something who should see it and why they should see it and why it's relevant to them, right? It all goes back to relatability and relevance. Tik Tok is doing its absolute best every single video, every single view to show that to the right audience. If you have something like, let's just say a noise slideshow for example, and it gets seen by 500 people, Tik Tok is doing its best to send it to the right 500 people as fast as it possibly can. And it's pretty good at it. And so we see over and over again that if you post a thousand videos and they get a,000 views a pop and you're doing a million views on it, you will get downloads. You might not see the kind of like viral explosive I'm now number one in my category from massive amounts of content that are getting 500 views a pop, but it absolutely still does convert. And we've got plenty of math to prove that's true. >> Okay, so you have another theory. Tik Tok has a daily views budget. What does that mean? Let's just say the growth hack space inside of Tik Tok, right? If you're making growth hack content on Tik Tok for other founders to watch, Tik Tok knows that generally this many founders that are interested in this content are going to be on Tik Tok today. They're only going to watch X amount of content. It's not like Tik Tok can't really take 50 million more videos and just plop it into the platform because they can't just suddenly generate the interest or the swipes to accumulate for all those 50 million views in the same way. Right? Right? So that's when people say like, "Oh, the algorithm hates me because my content isn't being shown to anybody." Part of that might just be your content is not good enough to be shown to anybody, right? And Tik Tok is pitting you against other content that's out there in similar formats. But if you're making content in the growth hack space for founders, if [music] you just add 5,000 extra videos in that space a day, they're just going to take that budgeted amount of general views they think that that content gets each day and just spread it out more. And we've seen this like over and over and over again where if you make let's just say content in the book space, [music] you post viral book slideshows like this one and these are getting a million views a pop, 2 million views a pop on some of the other accounts and then you have 10,000 people run it and post the same similar kind of content. You're not going to see those big pops anymore. You're going to see them more spread out because Tik [music] Tok can't allocate the same viral views to all of that content because they just can't generate more people's interest during the day. So they're like budgeting out how [music] people are actually interacting with that content based on how good it is. >> Do you feel like it's because of competition? When you think of an individual users perspective, they don't want to watch a thousand videos in a row about the same exact thing. >> If you open your Tik Tok or Instagram right now, you'll swipe past 50 million John Ham Dancing in the Club memes. That that happens regardless, right? All these platforms are absolutely starved for content. It definitely gets shown multiple times and you know if I was designing the Tik Tok algorithm I wouldn't want to show you the same thing over and over and over again. That variability is what makes it so addicting just by nature of pumping these platforms full of similar content. You will get surfaced in the same way and Tik Tok understands that it's similar to what's already out there. So either reserve or they give new ones a shot and then recognize that they're similar and then those peter out until they get a new one in there. They give that one a shot and etc etc etc. I might not mind if I see like a hundred John Ham memes in a row today. Maybe my my personal budget for that many memes is maybe 50 tomorrow and then maybe the next day it's like 10 and then after that I probably don't want to see it ever again. Maybe once every week. I think that what I just described is like the concept of a trend. It's like Tik Tok is allocating probably like a pretty huge TAM for certain trends. If it's an engaging format like people will watch it over and over again, but then eventually like kind of gets old and then you find something new. But within that trend, it doesn't really matter if you get a,000 videos that get 1,000 views each or one video that gets a million views each. You're still getting shown to people because the size of that like the TAM of that trend is a certain amount 100%. And that's again why we're on this hottake of like 500 views on a video for sure converts. I could pull up screenshots of people asking what app is that on videos with 200 views because Tik Tok is incentivized to try and show you the most relevant content as fast as possible. >> That makes sense. Yeah, I think Kyle showed a couple of those examples as well from his Canamon stuff. You said something really important that I want to hit on. You said the word trends and that's what's so cool about this space is you can talk about the same thing just in different ways and ride those trends. And it's a neverending supply of fresh ideas and new ways to talk about your stuff. I don't know if you saw this, but Dualingo had an article out there where they said that their numbers were falling because they weren't doing unhinged content. anymore. If you remember like the Dualingo owl died and you know did all this crazy and their unhinged content was just riding or creating their own trends. Everybody knows Dualingo, but if you get shown Duolingo again in a format that is trending or familiar to you or whatever else, it's another impression that Dualingo has to convert you or bring you back to their app. just like they do their viral marketing, we're just riding those exact same waves and giving you the ability to like [music] see how it's working way faster. >> Final hot take which I think will be relevant to anyone watching is you say that anyone can learn to go viral. >> Absolutely anybody. If you sat next to the kid in art class and you know his painting looks incredible and yours like looks like crap, that's just because he had some sort of inherent ability to see color or shape different or is more familiar with using a paintbrush or whatever else. But if I sit down and I grind to become a better painter, I will either get as good as him or surpass him. Right? Natural talent can only take you so far. If you're interested in learning how to do it, absolutely anybody can do it. And we have like proof through myself, our other team members. Like I'd never gone viral before. I'd never even posted in short form content before. And I've done it over and over and over again. We've shown all of our creators how to do it. And it's never a surprise to me when somebody who comes to the platform is like, "Oh, I posted and I've never had more views than this in my life. Thanks. This is incredible." >> I think I agree. It makes a lot of sense to me. This was really this is a very unique interview. Um, I learned we like we learned so much about like specific formats and the tactics. Um, like the science behind Tik Tok. Yeah, there's a lot in your brain that I think people will learn a lot from. So, thanks for being on the pod. >> Yeah. No, of course. Uh, happy to crack it open a little bit. Uh, you know, there's there's a million things that that we like to talk about and we just want to arm our users with all this information because that's how they go viral and we want to be the distribution platform for them to do it. And my inbox is open. I have 200 followers on Twitter or whatever. So, my hot takes are being seen by very few people. But if you want to shout me out on on Twitter, come come shoot me a DM or email me at, you know, nickgetnoise.com and happy to have a conversation about how anyone can go viral and how we could possibly work with you. >> Cool. Awesome. If anyone like reaches out and talks to Nick, talk to me after and tell me how it went. I'm I'm just curious to learn about learnings always. So, yeah. Thanks, Nick. >> Yeah. No, of course. is uh always happy to share the the Tik Tok secrets. Uh I've got a million more. So if you ever want to chat again, let me know. >> Yeah. Yeah, let's do it. Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So you can apply to join Consumer Club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the SuperWell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwwell.com. We have more videos on the channel. So dig into those to learn from app founders who are willing to share super tactical stuff about app growth.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [20/28] I Built a $30k/mo App That Helps You Quit Smoking
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYcU4_HQdIk
Duration: 32:14
Words: 8,576

It's hard to blow up on organic a lot. We know people who've gotten 10 million views on videos and made a thousand bucks. But if you can give this onboarding the intention and care it deserves, then everything else in your business becomes very easy. This is probably like from a consumer perspective the dumbest thing I've ever seen. But when we put this in, we've seen our reviews like skyrocket on our app store page, going from 50 reviews to almost at a thousand right now. And it's just continuing to grow as more people come through the app. We changed the payw wall once and we went from 20% conversion to 30% conversion. We went from doing 10k in subscriptions last month and then we made 30k in subscriptions this month and the trajectory keeps going up like that. What if I told you there were two founders who found a way to triple their app revenue in 8 weeks. Meet Asher and Thatcher. 2 months ago, their addiction recovery app, Clear 30, was pulling in a modest 10K a month. Fast forward to today and they've blown past 30K a month and they're still climbing. But they didn't just get lucky to see this kind of success. They systematically tested everything. I'm talking everything from ad creatives that bombed versus ones that converted at three times the rate to onboarding flows that confused users versus ones that led straight to paid subscriptions all the way to payw wall copy that felt pushy versus messaging that actually convinced people to invest in their recovery. They documented every experiment, tracked every metric, and figured out exactly what psychological triggers turn a curious user into a paying customer in the addiction recovery space. So today we're pulling back the curtain on their entire playbook. The real numbers, the failed tests, and the three breakthrough discoveries that changed everything for them. If you've got a consumer app that's stuck in revenue limbo, the next 45 minutes might just be your road map out. Let's dive in. And if you aren't familiar with the pod, this interview is brought to you by Superwall, the all-in-one platform for paywall management and revenue analytics for your mobile apps. Asha and Thatcher and Clear 30. They use Superwall. We go straight into their dashboards in the video. Let's get right into it. Introduce yourself and what app are you working on. What's up? I'm Asher Hurstman, a co-founder of Clear 30. >> I'm Thatcher Kloff, also co-founder of Clear 30. >> Together with our other amazing, brilliant co-founder, Dr. Fred Munch, who's a clinical psychologist. We've built Clear 30, which is a science-based app. Helps give people a system to stop smoking weed if they're brutally addicted or just want to take a little break and start smoking with intention and moderate. The app can help them whatever they want. Yeah, we haven't done like millions of revenue. We started out as actually complete idiots in this app world. We didn't know there was a whole community like the stuff that Joseph does. >> We have like, you know, community. It's like a science-based like our clinician co-founder based daily program to take people through and it's been really fun growing it over the past year and a half. >> We started out as actually complete idiots in this app world but we learned and failed a lot by ourselves and then ended up figuring out what works in the last two months. We went from doing 10k in subscriptions last month and then we made 30k in subscriptions this month and the trajectory keeps going up like that. >> I love it. This is an awesome story. I feel like there's two parts. There's like 0 to 10k in revenue and then there's the 10k to 30k in revenue. I think if you're watching this, you might be at the zero, you might be at the 10, maybe at the 30, but I think there's a lot to learn here. So, let's start with the 10K. How did you guys get your first like zero to 10K in revenue? >> Most difficult was 0 to 1K. I think even just making the first dollar before we really had a system in place, we tried a million things. A lot of people start organic, posting free content on the internet. We tried influencers, we tried Reddit, we tried organic content, we tried SEO. In the end, it was like an uphill battle to convert people. We have this meme here to show you guys. It hasn't really been since paid ads that really begun our flywheel. So here, this is credit to Sebastian Steph. He's a brilliant YouTuber in the app space and helps apps grow as a marketer. You can see here it's like the virgin organic poster, which is what we were doing. It has PTSD from waking up to zero views on launch day. And we've turned into the Chad Pay Marketers, has zero followers, but still makes money. We started with a lot of organic, seeing what works. And I think that's really important to be able to get your first few people in the app, getting feedback, all of that stuff. You know, our graph looks like this. and then this. And it wasn't really until we built the flywheel of being able to scale on paid acquisition and paid marketing that we really began to take off as a company with users and revenue. We thought that was all marketing, but it really turned to looking towards the product because if you don't have a product that converts and you don't build that, then you can't have that flywheel and you can't reach that point where you're getting, you know, multiple dollars per install and you can't continue to grow. >> You guys film your own paid ads. Can I see some of those? Yeah, you can see. That's so good. That's your dad, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. He's a actor, so he's very lucky to be able to have that just when it arrived. >> I'm guessing you guys scripted that ad and like thought of the storyboarding and stuff, right? >> One thing that has been doing really well is I'm a very like intuitive person. I kind of just like doing stuff. And Thatcher's, you know, pushed me more to, you know, create frameworks and systems. So, we go through our demographics of like who we think is going to respond. We look at who's converting, who's going to be able to actually commit to this program and make us revenue. And then, you know, we think about actual like small persuasion hacks within the ad. We look at just some of like the literature around like what makes an ad good, you know, like having like a really great headline, having, you know, small like building up trust throughout the ad, having like really clear call to actions. Like we're just like students of the game in terms of like loving like these persuasion frameworks and then we just kind of like throw them into like a funny ad and and try to convert people from there. >> How did you actually make that ad? Like what do you think made it do? Well, I would say one thing that's been super kind of helpful for us in terms of making content is getting really specific about the call out that we're having. Are you someone that hangs out, you know, in your basement after school and hit your pen until like 3:00 a.m. while watching skateboarding videos? Like that type of thing is really helpful cuz we've seen that it really resonates with people and yes, they're going to get like a more narrow audience with that, but they sort of like, you know, noticed as a human because we are noticing them. And we find that that's very helpful with actually grabbing people's attention. And even if the, you know, call out is kind of out of nowhere, like, oh, do you ever get that feeling when you're going on a walk and you're like, oh man, I want to smoke a joint. And so you walk up to the random dude on the corner and he asked you to do a little dance for a free joint. It's like that's not a real situation. I think the comedy aspect of it and the the super specificness of it, even though it doesn't necessarily apply directly to someone, is something that people respond a lot. >> We'll get into this in our onboarding as well when we talk about it, but like the questions that we ask, what is your dream outcome? Why are you quitting weed? What's triggering you to smoke? We have like very clear metrics. Like we know that our users are coming in here to seek mental clarity. We know that they're having a relationship with weed where they don't feel in control of the habit. They're quitting weed to become more motivated. They convert in terms of the pay wall at a higher rate. >> That's really interesting actually. So are did you see any big differences in the actual conversion reasons versus what you guys thought would get people to convert? I think the one that really shocked me was really seeing and I know like people talk about this a lot just like the difference in conversion by age. You know I know people say oh don't market on Tik Tok don't do this or that. Like if you look and you're seeing like 18 to 20 year olds convert at.19. Well you know even just a few years older at 26 to 30. It's almost double that. People say the meta in advertising is like switching off 18 to 25 on meta ads or anything or Tik Tok ads because they don't want to target those people. And just continuing to think about balancing like yes, we can make a funny Tik Tok ad targeted towards kids and they're going to laugh. You can't judge by how many likes you're getting or how cool a bunch of, you know, like 19-year-olds think you are. As much as I would love that world, but you actually have to build a business that survives. And sometimes the most converting, best ads are ones with my mom who's talking in a very zen, not very exciting, clickbay way, but is just explaining the problem in a more mature way to an older target audience. >> Something that this is also helpful for is not only showing like what is working, but also what to work on. Because like one thing that sticks out to me for example is that like saving money is at you know 23% conversion whereas like legal obligations at 29. Our average user that comes in spends upwards of $55 a week on weed and yet our program is $30 for a year but not all of them are converting. In an ideal world it's like oh you're saving money by spending money on this thing cuz you won't smoke weed again. And obviously people's relationships with it are different. Maybe they don't want to completely stop smoking. Maybe they just want to cut down. I think it can also show things to work on. It's like, okay, that means in our onboarding, we probably should focus a little bit more on calling out, hey, you're spending this much money on weed, but this program is less expensive than that, and we're going to help you stop smoking weed. I think that can be helpful for showing what's working and also what to work on. Yeah, that's a good insight. Are you guys doing this on Facebook ads and Tik Tok ads? >> So, we have an attribution slide like a lot of apps do have. We have all of our panels in Amplitude, but we have a bunch of different graphs that show what our direct return on ad spend is after the Apple tax, what amount of trials are starting from which channel, the return on ad spend from each. So, we'll be able to see how much a conversion is costing on Tik Tok, on Instagram. >> And we can also dive in like we annotated our onboarding to show like you know why we chose to do specific things. But one thing that we found really helpful is this question of like you can try and do attribution through a mobile measurement platform. And in fact, you should like it's really important for the meta and Tik Tok algorithms to be able to attribute oh this kind of user converts. So we should show it to more people like that. But in terms of like in our data actively seeing, you know, who is converting, we found this question to be very helpful. Yes, there is definitely some bias with the fact that, you know, Instagram is first and we have more people clicking Instagram. Maybe when we're running the same amount on Instagram and Tik Tok in terms of ad spend, but we found it really helpful in terms of being able to where people are coming from to who's converting. You know, how much does it cost to get a trial from this platform? How should we monitor ad spend throughout the day to counteract and and balance what we're seeing in the data? What kind of made us go exponential of like 10 to 30K? I like okay touch on that really quickly. >> For sure. 100%. >> 85% of users decide if they're going to pay for your app in the first 5 minutes. And for a while we had a valuable app but we weren't conveying that value in the first 5 minutes. You know learning from some of the best onboardings. We tore down Cali's onboarding which is great. Twitter ahead. Actually looking at all of these understanding how a perfect onboarding is created and then applying it to your own business and your own value prop and your own customers is really helpful. Let's look at your Figma. Let's just like dive in. >> This is our Figma of like all of our and current onboarding. So, we can go slide by slide of like why we're choosing to do different things and how we are focusing on certain things. The intro screen is really important for what we're showing users. Originally, when we were first collecting data, I think that collecting data on your onboarding is super important. In the beginning, we weren't collecting any data on the user until they signed in with their phone number. And the issue with that is we don't know how many people are opening the app and then not putting in their phone number or how many people are never even opening the app to begin with. So really collecting data early on and being able to see the different drop offs at different points is super helpful for it and helped us kind of build where we're at right now. There's about 85 90% conversion on this screen, but we've seen it fluctuate over time depending on what ads we're running and what intent of people are coming into the app. Everybody feels like they don't have intention with their relationship with weed. They want to get clearheaded, but it paints a dream outcome of 30 days without weed. It's not trying to show you the widgets or the this or the that. It's showing you where you're going to be as a result of doing this onboarding and downloading this app. >> After users get through the intro slide, we really try and show off what they're going to get out of this onboarding. With that, we show very like abstracted graphics of what it is we're going to provide them. We're going to give them feedback in a program. And with the copy down here, we really focused in on how do we give them something to look forward to. And then with that, we also unlocking the potential within you. We're not saying go 30 days without weed. We're saying, "Hey, you could be the best version of yourself with what we're about to give you." One of the first things we do early on is we get their name. The biggest reason for this is that we want to make them feel seen. So we ask them for their name and then immediately in the next question we're using their name and sort of trying to make it feel more like a conversation than answering you know oh question one, question two, question three. It's like how do we make it feel like more of a conversation where you we are understanding where you're at. We're calling you by your name like a regular human would. >> This is how we try to communicate value which is showing them the dream outcome times the percentage likelihood of achieving that dream outcome divided by these are things that show less value. Time delay and effort and sacrifice. So in a great scenario, we're trying to convey, hey, you're going to feel amazing without weed, this, this, and this. We know their dream outcomes. There's a very high chance we're going to get you to feeling all these great things, having all your problems solved. It's going to be quick, or you're at least going to get wins off the jump and very early, and it's not going to be very difficult. We're going to help you in lots of ways. And then if we can communicate all of these things very well, it can show very clear value to the user. So that should think about value through each of these slides and how we can communicate that. The next goal is to actually understand them and know what they want to achieve. It's literally what do you want to achieve with clear 30. We give them a list of different things that they can do in the short term. Over the next 30 days, you're going to achieve. I want to be mentally clear. I want to have reduced anxiety. I want to have reduced depression. And then we also have a sort of farther one of what are their long-term goals after they finish their first clear 30. What do they want to do? Do they want to continue using with how they currently are? Do they want to stop entirely? So, we have that kind of balance between the two. The second that we get these two information, it's not like, oh, we don't jump to the next question. We really like it. Okay, cool. We see that you want to gain mental clarity and reduce dependency and explore life without cannabis and you know use lesser differently afterwards. This is sort of the breakdown of like you know why are we choosing to show these things is like not only do we want to make it seem like we see you but we also want to tie social proof to it as well. So we saw 81% of users s improve mental clarity like oh you said you want to improve mental clarity that's awesome not only do we see you we've helped a whole bunch of people just like you. Friction isn't necessarily bad having good friction where sitting on this question for 30 seconds think about damn what do I want to achieve? Really having them sit down and do that is commitment not only to your product but also like to themselves of what it is that they want to do. That's something that we saw like with two of our biggest questions. We have questions on break reasons. So this one right here of like what do they want to achieve and then also their triggers later on. And like people spend the most time on this question. So if 6 months ago we were to go look at this chart, we would say oh we need to reduce these questions to make them less important or something like that. But almost no drop off for people completing these questions. they are really sitting down for 30 seconds, 20 seconds, you know, 25 seconds really think about, damn, what do I want to achieve? What is triggering me? Milkw weed. >> That's actually such an insane metric that you can see how long people are spending on the question and then that the drop off was like what less than 5%. Yeah, that's crazy. That's like it shows like people are actually are doing exactly what you designed the paywell to do. >> Once we kind of get that information as well as like these pain points. So, we asked them some questions on their dream outcome. Hey, we see you. We're going to help you get there. What are you struggling with, right? How many days a week are you smoking? How much money are you smoking? Is it harming your life? With that, we kind of go into a somewhat of a presentation mode. And I think that this is the biggest display of us using that value equation and really saying, "Hey, this is where you are right now and this is where you can be." So, the first section of that, at least for our app, really showing them where they are right now and really highlighting all of the the pain and discomfort that they sort of maybe went through answering these questions and sort of feel right now with their relationship with weed. The first step of that is we show how they compare to others in terms of weed use. But really compared to an everyday person, you're smoking 94% 96% more than is someone that you might randomly pick off of the street. From that, we show a collection of what they just answered and sort of highlighting different aspects of it. How they compare to others, how they're using, how much money they're spending, how much money they're spending is really important. You know, your onboarding doesn't just have to, you know, do it and it's done. Like you can continue to look at the users, see what they're doing cuz, you know, it is one of the most like the highest leverage things you can do within your app. Obviously, there's exponential benefits to making a great product. One thing on this slide that I think people really respond to as well is showing the sources of things. Showing that we have links to backing of science of hey this is you we got this from data sets, publications and surveys that are like official information out there in terms of showing this 94%. We're not assuming hey you probably smoke more than this. It's like no we are backed by science. We have this information and we're sharing it with you. >> We have a clinician. We have credible board of subject matters. We have a grant from the National Institute of Health. This is something we can continue to work on in terms of communicating that social proof and value. And that's what that is learning. He's just been obsessing over talking to users through the product and like this is just another reason why any founder, anyone building anything should just obsessively talk to the people using their products. >> Yep. Exactly. Once we sort of highlight their pain point of where they're at right now, this is where we are going to take you. It's not oh where you can be. It's like no, we will take you to this place and this is sort of where we really put this value equation to use. 30 days from now you're going to be mentally clear. You're going to be less dependent. You're going to not use cannabis and you're going to have $220 more dollars than if you didn't use this thing. So that's really highlighting that dream outcome of the value equation of like, okay, you gave us all this information. We are going to get you to this place that you want to be. How are we going to get you there? Great question. We're going to do all the work. You can fall into our failp proof program and actually enjoy the process of quitting weed. Really, we have a whole scienceback program to help you get to where you want to be. And then we also address the perceived likelihood of achievement proven by 25,000 plus people and that it's worked for people that are just like you and have your goals. And then the last part is also time delay, saying a lot of users see improvement in just the first 3 days of using the program. That is something that we can touch on as well with our pay wall is that like that time delay is like obviously we're not going to be able to go like this and then you're quit weed tomorrow. Like that's not realistic. But really showing that we're going to take you along the way there and sort of hold your hand every step of the way. That's something that we really highlight in our pay wall that we saw jump from like 20 to 30% in our pay wall just by changing one thing in the beginning and that was really focused on this sort of time delay aspect. >> I would just say as a founder working on persuasion and working on your sales skills is something that is very important and shouldn't be overlooked. The rest of the questions in the onboarding are very similar to the early ones. You know, this one has copy like, "Oh, you should feel proud." Really making them feel like the hero, making them feel like you are making a change for the better and you're already on that track. Some of these questions are are more function based. This one is definitely one where we're overviewing their past pain. How have changing your cannabis habits in the past gone? How was it? Was it difficult? You know, was it hard? This is actually a very interesting question that we added recently. Interesting mix that we found kind of show the features a little bit sneakily is this sort of question where we ask them how they plan to use the app and then we have a list of different features and sort of frame them in a way where we can collect data on what is it that people coming into the onboarding without ever having using our app or having used our app want to do? What do they think would be helpful for them on their break? Do they really want to be in groups with other people? Do they want to do video journaling? >> This thing is beautiful. this thing is a marketer's dream in general to be able to see the state of how Reddit's working, how ASO is working and then like that is doing in Amplitude just diving deeper and breaking down like what the actual unit economics behind some of our acquisition is. This one I think is sick. We saw this one in the ahead on boarding which is you know like an emotional wellness app. The first time I saw this I was like why would anybody ever put something in their onboarding that says hey this is going to cost you money instead of you know just convincing them and then the user is like oh of course I want to pay. But I think that the ability to first set expectations, earn trust, really like painting yourself as, you know, a product that's worth paying for and asserting it instead of like, you know, sneakily asking it with your tail tucked between your legs, but really be like, "Hey, this costs money. We're doing it fair. We have a fair trial showing a dream outcome and then anchoring it like a price anchor by showing like, hey, you can either dive into your own habit and this is the cost of that." Or you can do your dream outcome. So when they get to the payment page, they're thinking about their dream outcome and they're already anchoring it to the cost of their negative habit. We didn't think this was going to work at first or at least I didn't. We tested it and that >> yeah it actually increased our conversion by like 3% which you know might seem like oh a small number but like those things add up and that's sort of the AB testing that's done in onboarding is how do you get up by 3%? How do you get up by like 4% 5%. Like you know even like 1 2% changes can make a big difference when you have thousands of people coming into your app. >> I don't see that many apps doing this right now. And in general, like marketing funnels, I feel like don't really lead with like, hey, this is a paid product, by the way, but here's why it should be paid and here's why it's fair. It just makes you feel better as a business owner. Like, you don't feel like you're tricking people. And then I feel like that could actually help your ads, too. Cuz I feel like sometimes I see ads where it's premium and then it hits you with the payw wall and then people literally go back to the ad and they comment and they're like, "Nice try. This is a paid product." Like I bet you guys don't get that as much because it's like they don't have their guard up during the payw wall process. >> We were getting that a lot and like at first one thing though that is like an externality of working on this onboarding is being able to communicate value so much that people get less mad and this is one of like the metrics that we're using is we're actually thinking like hey can we decrease complaints of our app being paid on social media by 50%. And the way we're doing that obviously this fair trial was great but you know actually showing them that like hey we have a peer support specialist. This is going to get you to your outcome. It's not just a tracker. People be like, "Why do I pay for a tracker?" If people are really upset and asking why they have to pay for your app after doing a converting as a founder, you're doing something wrong in some way, shape, or form. This is, you know, just a question to really like commit people in their heads. We we played around with like a a commitment check mark. We get their phone number. This is like, you know, we went back and forth with this in terms of do we do Google is less friction. This is great. We can send them SMS messages through Twilio. >> Yeah. That's how we communicate with really all of our users is just like we can actually text their users. If they have an issue, they can text us and we text them back. >> Something like 95% of people who get a text read it within 5 minutes of getting it. It's a great super salient way to reach your customers through that channel. I would definitely prioritize if you're going to do it. Don't be spammy. One thing we spend a lot of time in on is like really hilarious human personal copy. Well, at least there will be some effort and it's not some GBT thing that's like, you know, hey, come to the app now. Like we actually try to, you know, think about it and and send them great stuff. And then this is sort of where our onboarding shifts more from questions to giving them value. We actually do put together personalized feedback that's completely free. They come in and they get this off the jump. It's not just hey questions, pay wallets, questions, and we're going to give them as much as we can and we also see you look your current use is at this percent. But your ability to have a strong habit is at 100%. Like you could build a habit of running outside every day. Here's like the opportunity for how much money you can save and then also what your strengths are and areas for exploration. We don't really want to say weaknesses. We don't want to make news or feel like oh you're horrible for doing this. It's like no, but not framing them as this is wrong of you because we don't want to ever make them feel ostracized or like they're they are doing something wrong. And so this is a big point of value that we're giving people from those questions. >> Yeah. You've seen the review glitch that people are doing. >> We learned this from Cali and breaking down their onboarding cuz we saw this slide and when I first saw it I was like this is probably like from a consumer perspective the dumbest thing I've ever seen where you go to the slide that shows reviews and it's literally asking people for review. It does call out that hey this app was designed for people like you. five stars, we have this many people in it, and then showing them reviews. But before they can actually look at this social proof and the reviews, all users that come to this point are prompted to give us some sort of rating. And, you know, as a consumer, it's like, why would I rate an app that I haven't even used yet? But when we put this in, we've seen our reviews like skyrocket on our app store page, going from, you know, like 50 reviews to we're almost at a thousand right now, and it's just continuing to grow as more people come through the app and can really boost your rating as an app and that people just like clicking. Oh, I like stars. Yeah. Five stars. I like five stars. >> Five stars. Do you want this five stars? >> Yeah. Five stars. Look at all these people doing five stars. >> We did also provide them value. We were the first people they might have ever talked to about their relationship with weed. Got insights. We we brought them through 5 minutes of asking them important questions and giving them feedback that they were getting themselves. So, it's not crazy to think that, you know, nobody's out here clicking one star on this thing cuz it's them off. Everybody to this point has enjoyed it and they've been clicking five stars and our rating has continued to go up. And so a lot of these apps, these big apps were ripping this exact copy from each other and we were like, "What? They're all using the same copy." >> Everyone in here is saying like, "Oh, I used to smoke for 12 years. It helped me. I smoked for 8 years straight and this app helped me." And these are real reviews that we have. It's not like we wrote these things. Like these are actual reviews that we have from people. It's addressing that, you know, social proof and that perceived likelihood of achievement for the value that they're getting from it. After that, we sort of have a referral code here that was used more for influencers. We're planning to move this like actually in app rather than here. That's our our price testing in terms of like what we actually lended on for our personal product. This is somewhat early on actually before we had our current onboarding. So in terms of what we ran before the price is over here where we're doing like $30 a year, 40, you know, 50 and then using that as an anchor price. So I'll show you the payw wall first cuz it makes more sense with the two. This was our first iteration of a payw wall. This was created somewhat from inspiration from Cali in terms of what they do. On the first slide, we had showing the features, something that, you know, we've talked about isn't necessarily super good at converting, and we'll show you that in a second. But we kind of highlighted in a carousel the different features of our app with different images. And, you know, putting some social proof in it of saying, oh, this has 1,000 plus members. Really showing them, oh, accountability text, all that, peer support. In terms of the rest of the payw wall underneath there, we have like no payment due now. We don't want to come off as scummy as like saying, hey, yeah, actually, it's free. Like, you know, that's not really what it is. We show the price clearly at the bottom so that they know what they're getting into. when they click on this button. We kind of set them up to say, "Hey, we're going to remind you before your trial ends." This is a free trial. You're not getting the whole thing for free. There's no payment due now. We also changed the text on the bottom just for switching things up a little bit. This is like a um trial like the Blinkist thing. It was so successful with their apps. So many apps have like switched to this Blinkist. You know, you'll start, you'll be reminded, and then billing starts just very clearly. And this is just another aspect of building up trust with your users. >> We have the sort of yearly and monthly price. Take a guess. you probably assume, oh, I want to do the one that says 3 days free and then reminds me and then, you know, I can start it for free. And that is what we see large majority of our users gravitating towards is the yearly option. So, this is the old payw wall. One thing that I will also shout out super for is that actual 2-day notification. Like, I didn't have to set up, oh, do we have to do this for notifications? Like, I don't really have to do any of that. I just like turn on notification and it does it here and says, oh, 2 days your child's in, you know, see what you know what's next for your break and stuff like that. Also, a separate thing that we're focused on now is like, okay, what do we happen? What happens when the user clicks on that notification? Like, what do we show them? How do we keep them engaged for how like 18%? >> Yeah, 18 19. I'm going to just round it off and say 20% conversion for this payw wall is what we saw. But you might be asking, oh, what does the new payw wall look like? >> We changed the payw wall once and we went from 20% conversion to 30% conversion. So, what we showed here is like what you're actually going to get within the trial, what your days are going to be looking like. So, this is the, you know, day zero, day one. We wanted to display it more as a program. This is a system that will help you. So we realized that outlining our actual days and showing them clearly what's going to happen worked started to work a lot of like hey this is what you're going to get and then we thought about this beautiful equation again and so you know we're going through this and we wanted to put little dream outcomes within this and extra points for them like sounding like studies these are objective they apply to everyone but your CB-1 receptors begin to bounce back with weed from weed within 48 hours so your brain is healing that is like a little dream outcome and this is a part that's really important is like we're thinking about time delay here people don't want to feel like oh The app is called Clear 30. It's going to take 30 days before I feel any type of better. No, we're going to get these wins quickly. We also are not claiming, hey, you're going to be solved of your weed problem tomorrow. Because realistically, that's not true. But I think that sort of outlining is saying, hey, this is what it's going to be like for the first seven days. Like, yeah, it's not like everything is going to be fixed tomorrow. It's going to take longer than 7 days, but this is what the next seven days are going to look like and how we're going to help you through there and what we're going to do on each day, how we're approaching it. And then the rest of the payw wall is really the same. Like, it's the exact same from before. Only thing that changed was just the first screen. >> Yes, that's the only thing that changed and we jumped from like a 20% conversion to a 30% conversion. >> Yeah. Wow. Could you remind us what was the first version? >> So, this was the first intro screen was a feature slideshow right here. And then our second intro screen was this sort of 7-day outline of what to expect throughout the next 7 days. There's actually a lot of content in this onboarding and payw wall. You're like guiding them through pain agitated solution and there's a lot of copy. There's a lot of like visuals. It almost feels like your ads are just bringing people in the door and not really talking too much about the pain points or the solution or any of the product or anything. And then you kind of mainly talk to the user through the onboarding instead of the content in the ad. Is that how you think about it? >> It can be both as well. But like no matter what your onboarding should be the best conversation. You should be able to engage them in your onboarding. It should be more than just getting set up and then hey give me money like through a Tik Tok ad or anything. You don't have the opportunity to engage them deeply. They're not in there. So once you get them there, you have to do everything you can to give them an incredible experience and then make them want to make this change in their life. A great thing you can do with ads is, and like I know a lot of people are already doing this, but you know, see what your competitors in your field or market or niche are posting and see what's working for them. We have this one competitor called a reframe, which is like an alcohol quitting app. It's not the same niche, but it's the same similar thing in the industry. They were running something that was like, take our quiz to see what alcohol type you are. You don't always have to say, "Hey, get this app. Change your life. Do all this." Cuz people might not be ready for that. But if you say, "Hey, just take the quiz. See your relationship percent with weed." And then use that as your opportunity to sell them can be really huge. >> And I will say that it wasn't super helpful because the intent of people coming in. I think we our onboarding was not as good at the time. Does framing the onboarding as a quiz get more people to convert? While it didn't work for us, it totally could for a different product or like a different introduction or if it's just done better because to be honest, we didn't put our all into it. We didn't have our focus on like, okay, let's focus on getting more people in and converting all of them. If that became a focus, then I'm sure that we would put in enough work for this to work. This is super helpful. I love how deep into all the sales training and marketing frameworks you guys go. There's a reason behind every single like micro decision that it seems like you guys are making. I'm kind of curious to see if you have the same mindset around ads, too. In terms of ad creatives, it's a similar thing where we look at the creatives that are working and like the ones that you know Meta or Tik Tok are allocating the most spend to maybe the ones with like super high click-through ratings or just trying to like look at all like the primary secondary metrics and just try to understand why they're doing well. And through those ads, we can kind of take like hypothesises. Oh, we did this ad. This ad had a girl in it and it did like way better than the one that with a guy in it. This ad looked like it was filmed on a camera and it did so much better than the one that looked like it was filmed on a great one. And I think it's been a bit less organized in terms of like I don't have a spreadsheet of saying like this hook is great, this hook is not good. It's more intuitive of like looking at the hooks that are doing well and then just working those in and then seeing if those are doing well and then going back and forth. And that's something I think we could work on is having like a big company document of like hypothesises. And I would like suggest for other app like app founders, but understanding why they make every single decision. For me, I think about it all the time as I'm waking up, going to bed of like why stuff's hitting, why is not. But like I could definitely do a better job of like making that public within the company and having like, you know, creating a very strong system about like this hook did this, this hook did that. Some of the reason that we don't have as many small tweaks is that a lot of our ads are very thought out and scripted and filmed. And so it's not as easy to say, let's change this one word or change this one sentence in it and then refilm the whole thing because that's kind of just not the format of the ads that we work on and we see doing the best. But like Asha said, we do take those parts that work like, oh, this is a good hook. Oh, focusing on the trigger of friends around you smoking in some specific situation is really helpful. So I think that the formats are somewhat different. I feel like a lot of people think about, okay, how do I get profitable ads? they just make better and better ads, but you guys are just you're optimizing every part of the funnel. >> Like it's hard to blow up on organic a lot and it can be a lot of effort and it can be, you know, not always converting. And we know people who've gotten 10 million views on videos and made a,000 bucks off of 10 million views. And it's just like there can be so much uphill battle, but if you can give this onboarding the intention and care it deserves and really think about that all the way through, then everything else in your business becomes very easy. And this is like another framework that we've used and like we struggle to focus a lot where like you know when you're building an app there's a million things that are being thrown at you. There's this and this customer and you have a million ideas to improve the app and they're all great and they would all work if you did all of them but you can really only do like one thing. So just stripping away and thinking you know if this one thing would change in my business and would be perfect like it would solve all other problems and then just doubling down on it till it hurts till it's like why are we doing this? Like you know we were focusing on onboarding and ads for 2 months straight. I feel like one thing to like sort of close this out is you guys are just really fun to watch. You guys are like fun to talk to. I feel people are going to be speculating on what your future plans at. What are the future plans now? >> Right now we kind of cracked paid ads. We're scaling it. And so we're trying to keep focusing on what's working well, which is making these big incremental changes, but there are also a lot of big 10x or 100x changes we can make. We have a big partnership pending with like the University of Michigan to push it out to their faculty as well. But I think that there's a lot to be done with the B2B side of this. There are actually a lot of people really struggling with weed in this country and I think like going to some of these organizations like addiction services, state services where people are struggling and giving them this app can really benefit them. You know, a lot of our users are asking for supplements. A lot of our users are asking for therapy. So, thinking about ways to, you know, change up our money models and giving them upsells and downells and reorganizing basically our the way we're making money in a way that can really increase the LTV of our users is something we're also very focused on. Who knows? just take all of our skills somewhere else and and build something else great. >> I love that. I appreciate you guys coming on the pod and giving so much value and I feel like you guys are just a perfect archetype of uh the type of people that we want to have in consumer club. Great having you on the pod. >> Thanks Joseph. A great host and yeah, just biggest shout out as well to Superwall and Consumer Club. >> Just wanted to say one last thing. Thanks for watching this video. The Superwall podcast has been getting a lot more traction in the past few weeks and we're just going to keep pumping these out if you guys keep liking them. So, I think that very tactical like growth oriented app founder content is resonating. And if you have any ideas for other guests, feel free to keep commenting them in the comment section or tweet at me. And yeah, we're just going to keep running this up. So, we'll see you in the next one.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [21/28] How I Built the #1 App on The App Store (Twice)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZ1W85VdIBk
Duration: 42:12
Words: 8,313

Roger Chen built two viral consumer social apps. And the crazy thing is both hit number one on the app store. The first one, Lobby, reached 500,000 daily active users and hit number one in the app store in five different countries. No paid marketing, just pure productled viral growth. The second one, Bro, is an AI companion that lives on your lock screen and floats over your text. It hit number one on the US app store off the back of Tik Tok, but Roger didn't even finish building the app before he started testing it. So this one is made by my co-founder Leo. It's like a mockup, but it's not the real apps like PowerPoint. Like we use this product called Protoy and then he just films everything like it's just like a fake mockup and then see if people like it. The central problem Roger's been thinking about for years is how do you make online conversations feel like IRL hangouts? Because right now every video call feels like a conference room and every group chat eventually dies. So with lobby, he literally rebuilt the college dorm lobby experience. spontaneous, low pressure with background activities like YouTube and SoundCloud, so you're never just staring at each other in awkward silence. The app idea was great, but consumer social is notoriously hard. Everything changed when they made this one single breakout feature. >> So the the feature we made is a >> that change was a turning point for them. And once that feature was implemented, people started inviting their friends to the app like crazy. And with Ro, Roger is taking it even further. He's embedding an AI companion directly into the apps you're already using, your texts, your dating apps, your camera roll, because the insight is basically AI companions should not live in a black box. They should live with you in the apps you already use. But he validated this idea before writing a single line of production code. All he did was buy Tik Tok ads, test formats, and found which user interface of the app resonated with people. Then he scaled the concept with 50 creators on Tik Tok. in the beginning like ads are really the fastest the fastest way to get feedback. There's this period of time between you first have the idea and when you first launch like that period could take 2 weeks a month even 2 3 months like that's the most dreadful period because you're just in your head you know you have no feedback and you can easily go on the wrong path. So, in this pod, Roger breaks down everything. The exact productled growth strategy that got lobbyed to 500,000 daily active users. Why he prototypes everything in his platform before he builds and his framework for using ads as validation instead of for scaling. This is a master class from Roger Chen on consumer social viral growth and building products people actually want to hang out in. This is the Superall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. the members in the consumer club discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR in my conversations with dozens of these founders every week. One thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their payw walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwall. But one thing you might not know is Superwall has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own payw wall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pods. So yeah, you're trying to take up this lock screen real estate, but you need to provide value. Um, and you're doing it in this like kind of light-hearted way, but you hit number one on the app store, right? like how did this happen? >> So, it was a lot of Tik Tok honestly. So, the idea here is that we want to position like like I said before like bro is like always there like a companion that's like that's like really with you with you like whatever you're doing like bro is always there to give you help to chat with you about it. You see like that's a very ambitious vision right and the problem with that is that it's not specific. So even though we found like the whole vision like just super super exciting, we still need to find a wedge like a concrete wedge like a concrete scenario in people's lives. And the we and the wedge we found like is like obviously number one is just texting. So we focused on texting first and then uh a lot of the dating app stuff and then finally some other like miscellaneous stuff like you you go through with your life. Wait, so is this the is this the main format that you're doing? Kind of like the face reaction and then demo of the product. >> Uh yeah, it's basically it's a classic hook and demo. So it's like the hook is a scenario. You need a real person there because you you don't have a real person there. People swipe away. People love people, you know, they see a real human, they stop and they see an app interface, they scroll. So yeah, hook like with a scenario and then demo. So yeah, >> and a lot of these videos don't have a ton of views, but are you just mass-producing so many that in aggregate there's a lot of traffic or are there like big viral hits that you had? >> Yeah. So we have um so first of all like we did like massproduce a whole bunch. That's one. And uh the second thing is like we do have a few outlier hits like a few videos got like two two three million views. So it's like really really topheavy. Like you really don't know like where it's coming from. Like so I I've been like truly humbled by by the experience. Like the ones I thought that would work just didn't work. And the ones that I thought were like ridiculous like worked surprisingly well. >> Interesting. This was a 7.9 million views. This was on your brand account. And is this like is this you making this video or is it a creator? >> Yeah. So, this one is made by my co-founder Leo. So, when we made this video like uh we haven't actually finished building the app yet, but we want to like make a demo and uh see if people want to use it. So, what happened was like he made this like they all made this amazing like prototypes like it's like a mockup but it's not the real apps like PowerPoints. We use this uh product called ProtoI and then he just films everything like it's just like a fake mockup and then see if people like it and uh funny thing here is that you know you know like the Tik Tok audience just so perceptive and uh supposedly like this video should be you know like the point of view of someone testing a guy right but then everyone realized that hey you know like it's a man like it's like those are like And yeah, so uh yeah, so yeah, basically that's what we trying to do. Like we want to we build a mockup and then we first like use it amongst ourselves like the mockup like so so every day I'm like an idiot like carrying around like my phone and I whip out this like little PowerPoint thing and I just like when I'm on the toilet I just like play with it. Everything's like set. It's not a real app but you know just to get a feel you know. So every time you you try that like you get some new insight. It's like hey like this flow doesn't work like it's too long. Uh, and then the second thing about having a mockup is that you can really test like whether people want it, like just a rough concept. So, yeah. Um, we do that first and then we finish building the app and we start testing among like family and friends and then and then we do like the whole Tik Tok thing. >> I see. Interesting. And when you're prototyping, are you optimizing for what you think will look cool on Tik Tok? >> I want to say no. Like the number one thing should be uh I should feel good using it even just a mockup. Like I I I think I specifically remember like this uh story about you know I I think 10 years ago there was this like cell phone brand. Uh I think already died but um but the but founder of the cell phone brand is like super obsessed about like the design of the cell phone. So so he car he basically carries around like a brick that's shaped like the next version of the phone. And it's just a brick. he doesn't do anything and then he just like whips it out and try to points at it and then puts it back in his pocket. It's kind of like that. So the mockups can be anything. It could be like you know the flow starting from the lock screen or it could be the core like talking flow or it could be like the flow of you know swiping in the community feed. So it could be anything but there just such a huge gap between the Figma and something that you can tap. uh it's just such huge tab like a lot of things look good in Figma but it just does not work once you get your hands on it. So by having that mockup we uh reduce a lot of engineering like unnecessary engineering work because like we have that mockup and we already know something doesn't work. >> That's really that's really interesting. I haven't seen that many people do this strategy before proto just prototyping it before you even make the app. Like why do you think this video did so well? So for this very first one, we did buy some ads uh because it's the fastest like if you see like the official the ones in the official account like we have to buy some ads to get some very quick reactions because you know like the UGC program like the ones the breakouts that we saw like lately like those took like two three months and uh when you're still validating your idea you just don't have that time. So before we have the app, we just test it real fast uh with some with some ads and see if people are interested in it. And then in this process, we gain two things. Number one, we gain like at least one format that could work. And two, we see if people like our product. That's cool. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. I feel like ads are one of the best ways to iterate in the beginning. Like people think of ads for scaling, but you know, you don't want to negotiate with influencers for like two weeks and then finally get out some creative formats and then have it all flop um after you put all that work into the prototyping and everything. Um just plug and see see if people resonate. That makes >> exactly. Yeah. I think like like Yeah. Like you said, like I think the reverse like people should be working in the reverse way, right? Like people should uh so when you're actually scaling like no ads, right? because that's like that's like because the more you scale the more expensive it becomes and uh uh no one wants that right but um in the beginning like ads are really the fastest the fastest way to get feedback and you know like um there's this period of time between uh you first have the idea and when you first launch like that period could take like two weeks a month even two three months like that's the most dreadful period because you're you're just in your head you know you have no feedback and you can easily, you know, go on the wrong path. So in that period of time, you just like desperate for feedback and you just cannot wait. Add on top of it, think we're all startups teams here, right? Like we're all like burning money and um you know like ask a few thousand dollars of ads is nothing uh if you can get in feedback instantly. So this is like the best bet you know you can do like early in the product life. >> That's really good advice. I feel like a lot of people are like especially for like pivot hell phase of entrepreneurship where you're we have an idea and you think it's just such a great idea you iterate on it like a few for a few weeks like you said and then you launch and it doesn't work >> and then you're like hm okay and then you pivot but then the pivot itself involves another month of you know working on it. >> Yeah. Um, I I feel like just the ads ads as validation is actually really really smart. Did you make a bunch of variations of this creative to land on this one that you ultimately scaled to like 8 million views or you just make like one ad? >> Uh, what money on it? >> I think we have like five or six more. Uh, but um, uh, they're not here right now because they're based on a previous design. Uh so so you can see like the one here is like the key here is this like little bro on your screen like floating above uh the text interface, right? So we decided we decided to make that the main wedge into the product. Uh so so we just went all in on this format. But before that we also have formats that um focused on lock screen. So, it's like things like, hey, you know, you're you just got up, not in a good mood, and bro gives you like morning affirmations, and you're like, yay. You know, stuff like that. Uh, so focusing on the lock screen instead of like the the floating window. >> I see. And did you basically invalidate the lock screen concept by putting those prototypes out first and then you it didn't do as well on the ads? >> Actually, no. It's uh those do pretty well, too. Like that's actually where we got the hunch that um this proactive caring thing could really work. The reason why we decided to go with this one is just that that one has had and then like like in some of the demos like in some of the segments it had like outdated designs and we don't want to confuse the like confuse people. >> Quick question is this picture and picture like is this is this a video on the iPhone or like how do you actually get the the little rectangle on on top? So when you're facetiming someone or when you're zooming with someone on your phone, like you always see a window like floating above whatever you're doing like So it's exactly like that. So yeah, it's a video and uh you just animate it. Yeah, >> that's so cool. That's that's such a good idea. That's cuz And it's very smooth, too. You can kind of move it around, but nobody I don't I don't think I've seen people use it in this way. You know, it's usually this the self camera for FaceTime or like a YouTube video or something. >> Yeah. Actually, when we made bro, like the mental model is really uh it's really some kind of FaceTime, you know, like you open a lot of these apps, I'm not going to name them, and then you see like a character in the middle and and it's it's like mastery finally come, you know, like yeah, it's just so I I guess like we really really want to go to the other direction. Um yeah, so so like I see tremendous value in companions. Um so a lot of people a lot of people are like Don Kong companions for you know hey for for it being dystopian. Uh and the reason they think that is that a lot of the companions out there are trying to like displace your real world relationships. Uh it's like hey you don't need to talk to your friends but you know just talk to it instead. And uh I think like two things around that right. So first of all definitely like that's not what we want to do. So we want our product to augment your social relationships instead of like displacing them. Like having some kind of interactions with your friends is just inherently fun while talking incessantly to an AI black box is kind of depressing. Uh we can we can theorize on why that is but that's just the case. And um I think the second thing about companion is that you got to stop thinking of it as some kind of like real world friend entity and start thinking about it like some kind of like convenient uh in between. And what I mean by that is that I think whenever some new tech comes out uh people will dunk on it for not being as good as the real thing. it it's like Door Dash is never as good as a restaurant, but that's not the point. The point is that it's more accessible now. So, I think it's a little bit like that. So, we want to really make it more accessible, but at the same time, instead of like replacing social interaction, like really try to augment your social interaction. So, that's the thing we're obsessed with. One thing we've been grappling for a long time, and this actually like relates to back to my last company, lobby, is the idea that like when you actually hang out with like your friends in real life, uh you don't have a specific intent, right? You just want to hang out and you just want to say whatever and it's about the vibe. It's not about the topic. However, like I think in the online world, especially like when everything happens like asynchronously, it's almost like every time you reach out, there has to be an intent. And what we trying to do with everything we do here is like normal days bro or lobby is that we want to make it so that you can get together even when you have nothing specific to talk about and that really unlocks a whole lot more conversation. >> Yeah. What's the biggest learning that you got from lobby that you're taking into bro and like future startups? >> Yeah, maybe I can share a little bit more about like the the the context like things like behind lobby like why we why we started it. So yeah uh we started it uh after co and um I think like after co a lot of people are like video chatting uh talking to friends like catching up online and we always get this feeling that you know supposedly it should be like people hanging out online right just like chatting but it always feels less like a hangout and more like a conference call um and because it like think about it like you're in Zoom you're like staring at each other and it's like if there's a moment of silence then it becomes really awkward. Um it's almost like people are hanging out in a conference room. So that's the process of it and the and the trigger of starting that conversation is also pretty weird. It's like hey do you hey want to hop on a Zoom right now? Like people just don't do that right? Um, let's say if you want to hang out with a friend, uh, you never say, "Hey, let's go to a room and talk." It it's like the friend is the friend's going to think you're going to fire them or something. Uh, and um, yeah, it's always some you always find some kind of excuse like, hey, let's get some coffee, let's get some drinks, watch a movie. There's always some kind of uh, background activity. So, and the insight behind lobby is really that like people are going to hand out online, but it's got to be spontaneous and chill. Like by spontaneous, it means that nobody should ever feel like they are organizing a handout. Like there nobody should ever feel like they're initiating something like the inspiration really came from like our college days like which is um you know like you're going back to your dorm, right? And uh you're going upstairs and there's always this like big common area where people are like just sitting there like they're just lying there uh pretending to do homework but never doing homework and uh and there's always some like music or old movies playing. So that's a background activity and whenever you're free you just sit down there and people know you're free to talk. And that's why it's called lobby because literally like when I went to where I went to school at Chicago like uh like there's a huge lobby area like in my dorm building and people are just like sitting there all the time. So yeah so that's the idea behind lobby which is you know hey you know you should just be it should just be a place where you can drop in and chat and when you chat there should be some some kind of background activity. So for lobby it's like people are watching YouTube together, SoundCloud together, uh, and they're playing games together and screen share together. So if you think about it, there's actually a line from lobby to bro, which is you're doing stuff together instead of, you know, just like staring at you in the face and hey bro, let's find something to talk about. Yeah, >> right. That's totally true. I feel like college is just this magical spontaneous time that everyone wants to get back to if you went to college and they're just like there hasn't really been like a >> no there has not >> widescale solution to that. Yeah. >> Yeah man. You know especially now in SF man like every >> every place is very high intention. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So then how how did this go? you got 500,000 users, daily active users on lobby and then what happened? >> So yeah, so what happened was we actually like struggled with it for a while. So in the beginning we did not get like meaningful like quality growth. So what that means is we would have people coming in and there will be like power users but overall like retention was not that good and uh and what and as a result we did not really grow for like a year. I think our big break came uh in 2022 like of all places like lobby just suddenly went viral in Israel uh of all places. Uh so yeah, nobody's going to market in Israel, right? It's like like 7 million people and but it suddenly like went viral and became number one on the app store and just stayed there and all the data is just like super super good. uh like I think like the day 90 uh for uh lobby in Israel back then was like 25 to 30%. Uh so like super solid and like the retention in other places like half that and when we looked at it like there's only really one key difference uh which is the network density because like in lobby we do have public rooms but it's majority like people talking with their friends uh and which is very intuitive because like nobody's like outgoing enough to talk to random people every day right but you always have some time to talk to your friends every day >> um in Israel um like the key difference between Israel and and the other market I think in like at the start of 2022 is that I think on the first day uh so we we tracked this like one number which is like the percentage of people who got five friends um day one uh in other places it's like like 20% but in Israel it's like 60%. So that's the difference and that led to like super high retention which leads to even more growth. So that was a huge inspiration, right? And um so we know that the answer is really really to double down whatever it takes um to get our density up. What that means is like this is not something that's solvable through content marketing and obviously if you do content marketing you're just going to be a whole lot more of you know like like random people without friends. Starting from that we started to really work on growth features. So it really has to be people inviting their friends through using the product. So we did like a whole lot of things to boost like inviting and sharing like we did the common things I can think of and then we also did some pretty wacky things. Um yeah like one thing I I still love to this day is a feature called like group picture. The idea is when you hang out in real life, let's say you are hanging out like in Dolores Park or something, you're just like sitting on the on the grass, right? And uh you have nothing to talk about with your friends and what will people start doing? They're going to start taking group pictures. So like when you have nothing to do, people are going to start taking pictures and uh and when you start whip out camera and people get excited again, people like, "Yay!" And then and then they're gonna you're going to have like something to talk about afterwards. So the the feature we made is a group picture when uh during the the video chat handout. So it's like you press the button and then everyone sees on their screen like three two one like a countdown and the phone vibrates and then you take a boomerang of a picture. Um and then people are going to share it to their like stories like Snapchat stories, Instagram stories and that does like two things like number one it um obviously gets a lot of more sharing out right and uh number two the friends who are not in a handout are going to be like how did this happen without me and then they're going to come the next time. So yeah, so we did a lot of wacky things to get the network density up. Uh and uh three months later lobby became number one in the UK and then Italy and then Germany. Oh yeah. And then and then starting from the UK I think like some people in the UK spread it to some some people in international schools in Cairo, Egypt. Apparently those people are like kind of like influencers in Egypt. So when they started using it like a lot of like young people in Egypt started using it too and my lobby became number one in Egypt and then Saudi too. So it's uh pretty magical. So lobby is really a tale of you know obviously you have to do seeding like I'm not saying like you don't need to do any content marketing because you do you do still need to like seed the users for them to invite their friends but after that to scale it really comes down to the product. Yeah, >> that's one of the most insane growth hacks, like productled viral growth um strategies I've heard about. That's really interesting. It's like you're combining the IRL experience with the invite flow. A lot of people do the classic stuff where it's like invite, you know, five friends and you unlock some sort of social benefit or um invite a friend and you get a discount or whatever it is. But this was literally just like it tells you to take a group picture with whoever you're with during your video chat and then it creates a a sharable piece of media which is the boomerang. You could share that on Instagram and then everyone else sees it. Was that watermarked? And then like people see the see the >> Oh, of course. 100%. Yeah, you bet. >> And then how did you get people to take the group picture while they were actually with people? If they're on a video chat, aren't they like sitting in their room like on their bed like you know doing these one minute video chats? >> I think we have a rule where you know every like five or 10 minutes like the button is going to light up you know it's it's going to hint that you can take the picture right now. And one key thing about like the group picture feature is that um it has to it has to be a shared experience. What I mean by that is that even right now I'm talking to you, right? I can like I can take a screenshot, right? But that's just creepy, you know, that that's not fun, you know? That's just like sniping you, you know? And and what we want is that everyone needs to know a picture is going to happen and then they get excited. So it's not about, you know, me, you know, taking a picture on my own. is about everyone be like it's happening and then let's take let's pose let's do some like crazy you know let's do do some crazy faces. So that's like a very key ingredient. It has to be a fun like group activity instead of like something instead of like a secret screenshot. Uh so so that's one. And number two is like we do have this um feature where when you exit a chat you're prompted to take a picture. It's like, "Hey guys, see you >> picture. Bye." And uh uh yeah. And and the third thing is like you mentioned the uh one minute uh video call, right? So that's actually like not the main feature. That's like a growth feature. Um so the main feature is really just like people staying there and then when you're free, you can drop in to chat with me. Uh and um that's the main feature. The one minute thing is more like it's more like a roll call. So we talk about density, right? Like one thing we struggle with is you know with a real-time product you don't you not only need like relationship density you'd also need like temporal density which is like density in time. You have to be online at the same second. If I miss you by one second the app is useless. The one minute call thing is really just a a little game like to that we added on top of that which is like you know at night um you know at a random minute you know the app is going to you're going to see like a little little bar pop up and then you can it's like hey talk to your friends for one minute like catch up for one minute right now and then you can join it and you can you see your friends and you go ah wah wah wah and then and then one minute is over the the chat just ends. The reason why we made it one minute is that we want to make it like super low pressure. It's like, Joseph, I want to see you, right? But um I I don't wanna >> I don't want to talk to you for like an hour. >> Yeah. I don't want to I don't wanna >> I don't want to Yeah. I don't want to be held hostage, you know? It's like >> Yeah. The thing with video chat is that, you know, sometimes you you join the chat, you feel like you can't leave. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So So the one thing is like, hey, it's not it's not me, it's a game. Even though don't blame the player, blame the game, you know. >> Yeah. >> You need relationship density and temporal density. I guess that's like the central feature of Bereal, right? It's like one Yes. >> uh picture per day at a randomized time every day, but everyone does at the same time. So, everyone kind of like sees each other's stuff. >> Yeah, we're definitely very inspired by B real at that point. Uh basically the the way they just like forced uh some kind of like synchronous experience because you think about it, right? Like be real like one full a day that sounds very um that sounds easy enough. But the reason why it worked is that um when you post that picture, you get a whole lot of picture back at the same time. You know, that's a magic moment. If it if the pictures just like trickle in throughout the day, not sure it would have like taken off. >> So, what's next? You hit number one with bro on the app store. You did lobby. You you're figuring out all these like human psychology like social uh hijacking things. Like, is this all leading up to like a grand idea in consumer social? >> Hopefully. Yeah. Uh so um we're still working on it and uh but the whole the idea is that we want to make something social because like that's what we are really really passionate about. I think at the end of the day we we just need all the people and um no amount of like human like AI speech attacks can replace that. It's uh and um I think we're going to take away all the learnings from bro and use it towards a real social app. So in bro there's like there's social features in bro but the core flow is not social. We want to make something that's like social in the core flow and uh what we learn from bro is that like a concrete character >> can really um enforce like the game rules of a very fun game like because when you have a character he can tell you to do stuff he can do stuff for you and uh it can bridge a lot of context in like everyday social interactions. Uh what I mean by context is that um in lobby right you got a bunch of people chatting in the same room. If it's just me and you maybe the chat would have ended a long time ago but if there's a third guy then the third guy can be uh some kind of hype man or you know the third guy is going to say like really smart things or really stupid things but it's going to like keep opening up more topics uh and then both you and me are going to share more. So that's what happens when you have a concrete p concrete character uh that can like interact with like the real people. Right now there's a lot of talk around AI content uh which is great you know I I I love it like I first day I got my hands on Sora I made like maybe like 20 videos and um but but but in terms of our company we want to go the other direction which is instead of using AI to create content we want to use AI to create context because at the end of the day I feel like when you have so much AI flying around like authentic human interaction uh becomes even more valuable. So, and if we can use AI to get everyone to talk more, that's going to be something that's going to be very meaningful to me personally. >> That's so interesting. I feel like um the the whole timeline makes sense because with lobby the context was uh like YouTube and SoundCon like you would watch stuff together or even before that even before lobby it was just you know the college the university lobby the dorm lobby um and the context was you know hanging out like pretending to do homework watching TV and then it's like YouTube Soundcloud on lobby and then it's like the AI buddy that inserts you know just funny things. It just says stuff and then adds uh more excuses to like talk and and continue conversations. So, you're going in that direction of like how can you use AI to create more types of context? >> Yeah. Like it's like this is not a specific uh product UX, but think about it, right? You know, in every friend group, you need that one yappy friend uh who's willing to put themselves out there to get the group going, right? Like that's not that's a pretty thankless job, you know, like when people go like when people go quiet, when people are tired, like that yappy friend is going to have to uh like keep carrying the conversation, you know, and uh it's a it's a thankless job. And now that's something we we can offload to AI maybe. >> Yeah. It reminds me of like the the talk shows where there's like the host and the guests and then there's like the random like third guy sitting >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man, >> I always wondered like why is there just a random guy that's like barely saying anything and it's like the same guy every time, but it's like it's it's just like to kind of fill the gaps. It just adds a little bit more chaos and spont >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. >> Okay. I want to go back to bro for for a little bit. Um >> because I'm interested like how you actually scaled to number one in the app store after you validated the concept. So you got to you found this format that's like you know you hit 7 million views with that and then after that did you basically just go to creators cuz this is your proof of concept. It's like oh can we create a cool like new social experiment how that worked? Like did you get this format and then just spam this across all your creators and have them make variations on this specific video or there like other formats? So um in a nutshell, yes. So this video validated two things like the product UX itself is uh minimally interesting and uh it's also already set in a very specific scenario which is texting. So we validated two things. Um I think that's when we really started like recruiting creators. Um, and what we did was we tried to get creators from Tik Tok by searching like hashtags like relationship and um, and then you know you go into those people and then you see you try to find people like those creators and then you just like email them and uh, get them to start posting. And honestly like this process took way way longer than I thought. uh not not the outreach part, but more like the getting getting uh the content to work part. That's actually when I reach out to you and you know ask you for help with with you know like people to like help with like managing this these campaigns because oh my god it's so so much work. It's like um uh and so like when you think about product right like that thing is it's logical in a way like you know like this lead to that and this didn't work so that didn't work but with content right like it's really hard to predict these things like there are not like rules they're not so you just have to try everything so yeah I think at at our height we had like maybe like 50 creators and then a lot of them stopped posting so it went down to maybe like 10 20 But yeah, we um and and we have like creators like outside of the US too, like in Norway or something. And um yeah, so it's really just try and try and try and and uh until like videos started popping off. >> Do you remember any of the videos that like did really well besides your own one? >> Uh yeah, like I can send you one. >> There we go. >> Oh, I just sent I love you to my crush by accident. It was auto quit and now he left me on red. Send autocorrect hates me. Lol. Meant to say something else right now. >> Blame the phone and laugh it off quickly. >> Wow. I love it. >> It's pretty random, right? Like like if it were like to be like >> totally honest with you, like this would this is not the video I thought would pop off. So, but uh >> I guess you know, you never know. And uh just uh getting humbled every day by you know, Tik Tok UGC marketing. >> Yeah. 2.3 million views. That's really good. That's really interesting because it's like uh yeah, it's a good hook and then it's a good demo, but I feel like a lot of apps try to do hook and demo and the demo is clearly like an app. But with this, it almost like is a hidden demo because it just looks like you're showing the iMessage conversation. That's the central topic of the video. And so it's almost like if you don't notice the thing immediately, you're like, "Oh, he they're just showing the messages, like the conversation, because that's what the hook was about. It's like, "Hey, I texted my crush. I I love you." But it was autocorrect, uh, crying emojis, and then they go to the phone demo, and then it's like the actual conversation that they were just referencing, but then bro is right there. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bro is with you. And uh yeah, as Yeah, but but you know, it's just like these like tiny tweaks. So like there are all the versions where it's so this one the story is she made a mistake and then bro she's in a panic so bro helped her fix it. It's a very very simple thing, right? And then there are other more complex ones like hey you know how do I risk this guy up you know like but uh like for some reason this one did best. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think there's a lot of people who bootstrap their way to really nice cash flowing businesses with consumer apps, >> um, typically subscription apps. And these days, it's the barrier to entry to doing that is so low >> that, um, there's a lot of people that that are doing it, especially just in the super well YouTube audience and just like my Twitter audience. And um I think some of these people reach a certain level of success and then they start to get bored and they're like, "Okay, what can I do next that's like really meaningful?" Do you have any advice to those people for how to think about okay, like what kinds of products should I start building that are a little bit more ambitious, potentially VC backed, because I think a lot of these people come from like very strong marketing backgrounds. They know how to like storytell. they know how to like seize a movement that is really popular and then create a product that serves that need. But then is there like a different mindset that you use to create products that you build? I think there there's a it's a real thing uh founder market fit. Um it has to be something I think a lot of things can be done super well but you have you have to be the right person for it. Like one example would be so at one point we did try like in 2023 we tried an app called Super Movie and uh it's basically like an AI generated like interactive story app like think episode uh but everything's AI generated like you can like generate interactive stories now with just like a few lines of prompt and then everything's like visual has sound and it's just like a branching story and yeah like that that was a cool idea but like I personally did not feel that much passion about it so it's pretty hard to keep tweaking the details. But on the other hand, like this friend I know uh who made this app AI dungeon uh and right right now they moved moved on to like like a bigger version of AI dungeon like that dude like that dude is just like super passionate uh about uh the world building like uh you know like fictional world building like he loves it like he can stare at like text stories all day and not get tired. uh and that's a person who can do this super super well and uh on the other hand what I what I love is social you know that's what our team loves you know like we we love building products that connects you with other people that brings you joy it's kind of a founder market thing like >> it's like yeah you know like I I think even in lobby right like the the metaphor we always used is that like lobby's like just imagine like building a neverending music festival where people just super nice to each other. You're just there to hand and there's no like baggage. You just like you let go. You don't think and you know that's the most fun. I think like the best kind of social experiences provide a kind of like um relaxed joyful experience where you just like connect with other people. Um and that's something that's like innately like appealing to us and um so it's just so so personal. I feel like we've been working on social products for a long time. uh and we get like slap in the face every month for some decision that didn't work. But the process of making that of designing new experiences is just so so fun and we feel like we can keep on doing it forever. Uh but if you make me do some you know anime chatbot then I'm going to give up very soon. So >> yeah. Yeah. That's good advice. Yeah. Thanks so much Roger. This was a great great combo. I learned a lot and it's great to see inside your mind. I think this this episode is a little bit less tactical and growth hacky, but I think if you take the principles and almost like read between the lines of what you're saying and kind of like just get a feel for like how you think about things is very valuable. Just like the mindset of how you approach stuff was very cool to hear. >> Yeah, because we were here for the long term, right? It's uh I think I think we obviously like I'm not proud to say but I scroll on Twitter a lot and and on Twitter it's a lot of the like the tactical stuff but I think at the end of the day when you building a product it I almost feel like once in a while you got to use less of the brain and more of the heart. Uh it's it's otherwise you just like fall into these like micro optimizations and then you're just like torturing yourself. >> Love that. All right. Thanks again so much. >> Thank you so much. Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord, sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So, you can apply to join Consumer Club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwwell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwall.com. We have more videos on the channel. So dig into those to learn from app founders who are willing to share super tactical stuff about app growth.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [22/28] How to Make Viral Content 100% Using AI in 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMO0VYTBC7U
Duration: 28:00
Words: 6,806

This is a client that has been on our platform for less than four weeks and they've generated 4.7 million views just with 15 accounts. So this is V1 phone farm on devices so it looks like we're real creators so that we can run AI accounts on Tik Tok. It got 280,000 views. But that just validated that this could work. And as soon as it got three sales I went to the print shop and I gave them a deposit. I was like yours like 100 bucks as soon as I call just like print my posters. You want AI to do like 95% of the work and then human comes in 5% for touch-up. I don't think AI is there yet to do the the last 5% and nor do I sell that dream. >> Today we're sitting down with Zuhair Lani who's built what honestly might be the most sophisticated AI content operation I've ever seen and he's been crushing it. He generated over $100,000 in revenue in a single month using completely AI generated Tik Tok content. His agency hit 40K a month while he was still in college and now he's raised a million dollars from A16Z for his startup. But the thing that makes Zuher's story different is that he didn't start in tech. He actually got started in reselling and retail arbitrage during COVID. Brought supreme style hype tactics to restaurant marketing and eventually crack the code on making AI content at scale. What he's built with his new startup is unlike anything I've seen in the content space. He's built physical phone farms that can warm up hundreds of Tik Tok accounts. And he's also built AI that generates winning content formats with a feedback loop that makes the videos more viral over time. In this pod, Zuher breaks down his entire playbook from spotting arbitrage opportunities across industries to building systems that can run 25 brands simultaneously. He reveals exactly how he uses controversy and scarcity to create demand and why he believes the traditional creator economy is about to be completely disrupted. and we go deep into the technical architecture of his phone farms, his strategies for avoiding detection on social platforms, and how he's using what he calls attention intelligence to create content that gets better with every post. For those who don't know, this interview is brought to you by Superwall, the all-in-one platform for payw wall management and revenue analytics for your mobile apps. I'm your host, Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. Let's get into it. This was a crazy tweet. There is like phone farms you're like mass posting on TikTok. Tell me about this. Okay, so this is V1 of our phone farm to like instrument human actions on devices so it looks like we're real creators so that we can run AI accounts on Tik Tok. >> Let's break down their problem. So it's like obviously like people have heard of viral content on Instagram and Tik Tok, but there's all this warm-up process and you are rate limited cuz they don't want you to spam. And it seems like kind of the only way around it is either you hire a bunch of people to just manually post on their phones, do some like VPNs and stuff, or you figure out how to do it with a virtual machines, but I'm sure it's it's kind of hard to fully automate. The traditional way is to hire a bunch of college age kids to make, you know, 30 videos in 30 days. That'll run you anywhere from like 500 bucks a month to $1,000 a month. And you don't even know if they're good. Usually, these people have no experience and you have to manage them all in some type of like Slack channel or like iMessage. And since you're college kids, sometimes they'll post, sometimes they won't. Sometimes they'll listen to your guidelines, sometimes they won't. And I know this because I used to be one of these creators. I started out being one of those creators. And I realized like, oh, if I don't post for a couple days, no one really cares. There's no accountability. I still get paid. And they care really about like, you know, one video doing well. Every week there's some type of like management call. There's like one person full-time managing all 25 of us. The ROI just isn't there. I've even tried running these campaigns like as an agency and also being part of them. And I just realized from a time perspective, from a money perspective, it's not worth it, especially if it's content that I can recreate with AI. So that's why when I started working for these brands more extensively, what I did was I used AI to run them. So I was working for 15 brands while in school, all using AI, but then the problem became how do I post this content? Because when you hire a bunch of kids, it's the kids, you know, posting on their devices. When you actually do the AI content yourself, there's no way to post. I think in 2023 I started using emulators to do this like an Android emulator on a computer. It would work on Windows computers. I would use Blue Stacks. However, that doesn't work today. Tik Tok has like device fingerprinting and they've, you know, any social media can can easily detect that now. So, the video that you're watching, all those phones are controlled by our software that's customuilt to swipe on Tik Tok, repost, comment, and everything to look like a natural human. >> That's crazy. You must have figured out like every edge case of like how to warm up the accounts, how many accounts per phone is that actually a lot of like ops labor for you guys to like make sure this doesn't get rate limited or taken down or shadowbanned. Yeah, like I said, the reason it was easier for us to do it, I've been doing this for 3 years. If you've been doing this for 3 years, you pick up on like, you know, what Tik Tok actually tracks for in general, what works and what what doesn't. So that's why I knew like the emulators don't work. I knew what they look for in terms of warming. I've been on the other side. I've been trying to teach kids how to warm their own accounts for a long time. We have our own like warming up algorithms too that we just don't showcase. >> So this was the phone farm, but it's not just a phone farm. This is like part of your VC back startup that you started. Can you tell us more about that? >> So this is just a means to an end to validate that the content is good. There's two parts to this, right? Like you need the content, but if you're just served like some random PGs like an MP4 file, where are you going to post that? Then you have to figure out that whole mess. Or if you only have the deployment figured out, then you need to figure out where to get the good creatives. When we own both layers, we have all the data to tell you this content worked better, this prompt did good, this model did good, and this is what you should recreate, right? We need to own the entire layer to actually be effective. We only do half the job, then we're worthless. We're just like everyone else. So that's why it's been like a pretty easy cell for us to just, you know, plug and play and make your accounts on our platform. You can schedule posts on our platform and you can create the post on our platform and you can hyper specify your post to like this account has a persona, this person is 24 years old, goes to USC, lives in Los Angeles, whatever. Our creative tools will make it so that like you know every single post follows that structure. You're kind of like solving the entire stack of the short form content game. Like there's finding the creators. There's figuring out what formats work. And there's actually posting the content. And then there's finding the winners and then scaling the winners by making the micro adjustments, changing the hook, changing the body, mixing and matching. And normally like those are all completely separate processes and different skill sets, too. Like there's people that are really good at the finding the formats, but then turning it into a science and scaling it is maybe a different person on the team for some of these apps or or brands. So I guess before we actually go into double speed this product that you're building I want to understand like what are all the ingredients that kind of led up to this. So maybe we can go back in time actually and like how did you get started in understanding internet and content and attention. This is where I started. This is Walmart delivering like 50 boxes to my house and me unboxing a bunch of baby lives. The way this started is I started off in sneaker botting as a lot of like you know entrepreneurs in this day do. there's quite like a sneaker botting mafia on Twitter right now and quickly realized that sneaker botting is not the most sustainable thing cuz like even if I got you know a pair of good Yeezys that like would resell for double or you know you get like four pairs or whatever you still have to list each one and each one has different sizes and then you have to wait for those sizes the sneakers are just not that liquid. So then like 3 months in that's when kind of co hit when I got into sneaker botting and that's when I began retail botting and that means regular consumer goods that go out of stock. So I sold like printers, tools, baby toys were awesome. Like I sold a bunch of Coco Melons. That's probably my biggest hit. Like Coco Melon doll. There's like now an intelligence arbitrage if you're doing stuff with like LLM. Everything really isn't an arbitrage. But, you know, that was my arbitrage to start just to get, you know, money as a kid. Then I got, you know, kind of deeper into it. Realized, you know, retail botting actually is also unsustainable cuz like after the COVID hype, you're going to actually have to build brands around stuff to sell it. And that's when I got into, you know, actually white labeling my own products. I've always been into design. I designed these pickle ball paddles and these are now sold in TJ Maxx. >> I wouldn't even know where to start to like get in touch with TJ Maxx to be a wholesaler for them. Like how did you do that? >> That one was a bit easier cuz like my dad has been in this industry for a while like doing like phone accessories and stuff when I kind of had the idea of like you know designing my own line that was kind of lined up for me. So that honestly I can't take all the credit for the TJ Maxx stuff but you know like the actual designing was all me. I actually had no clue of like any like internet marketing or how any of this is run. I've only seen sneaker bots doing their marketing and how retail launches or like Yeezy launches would do it like hype beast stuff. That's kind of what I replicated as soon as my dad started this restaurant. We started this weight list, right, which I saw like, you know, from Supreme and from all these sneaker bots. And this is actually like a genius idea for any restaurant. The reason being is because you get to control the reservations. So in a normal restaurant when you have like a 100 people getting seated, you take whatever reservations and you might only fill like 88 spots or you take a reservation for seven, you put it on a table for eight. What this allowed us to do was like, you know, take a reservation for eight and then adjust accordingly from like a seven-seater table and like add one more chair. This was my first time doing like actual social media marketing. What this did was like drive so much hype that the restaurant was sold out for 2 months. It's 6,000 people on this wait list and then also got this like article written about us just cuz nobody could get in. >> That's crazy. How did you do it? What was the content? >> Honestly speaking, this was less about like short form content and more about just generating hype. Especially for a restaurant, it's like way easier to be, you know, like the restaurant that like nobody can get into. It's kind of like gated and people like, you know, have to get a reservation to get in and see what it's about, right? Especially when people are reviewing on Facebook, Google, Instagram, whatever. Like everyone gets that photo. >> So, this one kind of naturally went viral because people would tell their friends about it. Was more of a word of mouth thing, would you say? I would say word of mouth plus socials because there was like a Facebook group that we used to post in but that Facebook group like we encourage people to write reviews cuz we knew like especially when you're like a local you know retail brickandmortar store Facebook groups are very local right like there's a Dallas restaurant group everyone in that group is like hyper specific and like your targeting is really good. It's kind of like subreddit, right? Like if you're writing a consumer app, you want to be in like a hyper specific consumer app subreddit. It's kind of the same thing here since we're in that hyperspecific Facebook group. everyone that posts and they're like, "Oh, I just tried this out. The food was amazing or whatever is getting that FOMO." >> That's interesting. And it seems like the other element with this is that you pulled a tactic from one industry and you put it into another where with sneaker bots and retail botting, there's the concept of like hyped marketing and, you know, drops and with street wear and stuff like that, but restaurants don't really have that concept as much. So, you just kind of pulled the tactic and then there's almost just like a tactic arbitrage. Speaking of drops, like you're saying, we used to drop our reservations every Wednesday at 400 p.m. I put this post on the Facebook group. Obviously, like random 50-year-olds are like super confused at what's going on, but like everyone at this point is looking for a reservation. And we weren't even booked the first time I did the draw. Like 20 people signed up. We have space for 100. I just said it was done. Like it's better to look like you're full and get people to hit you up rather than look like, you know, you still have reservations, you know, a day in. That weight list went on for 2 months. We did a lot of different stuff. We did Tik Toks and whatever. Google ads did great. Facebook, same thing. This is all organic. >> Yeah. So, it's like your first experience kind of figuring out like social media marketing. >> Yeah. It's all like customer psychology. This all relates, right? Like the same playbook for this is like, you know, you can relate it to anything. Consumer apps, e-commerce, CBG, whatever. >> This lead to Tik Tok shop or there more stuffs. I kind of took a break after the restaurant stuff. I was burnt out. Started my first year of college right after the restaurant. And then I joined this like crypto startup. This didn't go anywhere, but it was like zero interest rate period. So, like, you know, everything was getting funded. This was like my first look into like tech because everything I've done before was kind of unscalable, right? Like, you know, retail, e-commerce, whatever, you run into a bunch of logistics issues. I have a warehouse and like even for school for me, the decision to go to school in Dallas was because my warehouse was 10 minutes away from it. That's the only reason I went to school in Dallas. I was in a group with this guy, Jimmy Farley. You might have seen him. He's really big in like the Tik Tok shop space and the Tik Tok, you know, marketing space. He was running this like, you know, creators corner which was supposed to get you good at making content on socials. And obviously after doing the restaurant stuff, I realized like how important that was and he was like recruiting people to be like a creator for his brand. I immediately jumped at it and I was like, you know, this is interesting, especially cuz I was already doing my own e-commerce stuff. And I started making content for his brand and the videos started doing really well. And I realized, you know, if I'm making somebody else money doing this, I can probably just do this on my own. At the time, I was also designing for this company and I realized, you know, if I take some of these graphics that I'm doing and apply them to my own products and I have this like Tik Tok marketing experience now, I can probably blow it up. So, that's exactly what I did. I took this poster design that I had made for another client that they didn't use, just put on a poster mockup because I was like, you know, a poster would be the easiest thing for me to source right away, right? Cuz like delivery matters here, too. Tik Tok shop has a 2-day delivery period. So, I took this design, put on a poster mockup, this exact mockup, by the way, and put on Tik Tok shop and made one video off of it using AI. It was 11 Labs Plus Midjourney. It was this Tik Tok that started everything. But, I think at the first day, it was probably at like 5K views and it got just three sales. But that just validated that this could work. And as soon as it got three sales, I went to the print shop and I gave them a deposit. I was like, you know, here's like a hundred bucks. Just like as soon as I call, just like print my posters. Cuz at first, they didn't even trust me, right? like I had to go and they were like, "Okay, you have to pay before we make them whatever." I was like, "Okay, instead of just doing that, here's 100 bucks. Every time I I have a poster order, just make it for me and then like, you know, build my card afterwards." After this happened, I tried to automate the content. That's my first time trying to do slideshows like in an automated way. And here is an example of me doing that. These are all using images from Cosmos, actually, which is pretty ironic. Every single one of these were made. This is like Figma components, whatever. But this gets really, really hard to do at scale. Like, this was just a VA doing it. Could you quickly break down the strategy for this? Why does this get views and and convert? >> The whole strategy here is like what is the minimum viable content that work? Like this was like, you know, a sub account, right? Like this is not on the main account. This is just, you know, an account to get views to drive some traffic, right? So the whole strategy here is like cool stuff you need in your room, you know, part whatever. And then it would go through a couple products and one product every time in a slideshow would be our own poster. >> Yep. So it's like the subtle call to action. >> Exactly. And all these images are just pulled manually from Cosmos or Pinterest in the other case. All these images are just pulled manually. Put them in. No real like automation yet because the real thing for automation that people don't understand is like you want to prove out the concept before you start automating it. I mean now that's not really the case because of like you know the software I'll show you later on. But you know at the beginning especially like if you're going to spend some time or money automating stuff you want to make sure it works. There was also another account that we ran that was you know all about like car pictures. Like it would be like eight pictures of a Porsche 911 and then the the last picture would be like of the poster and people would be like, "Oh, where can I get that poster?" It's all these type of strategies where like how can I insert my content with it being like a relevant subject without looking like I I'm just trying to sell you on something. >> Yeah, you're not completely automating yet. I remember we were talking about the Flux avatar. Like that would be a cool thing to show if you can show it. >> So yeah, this was pretty much my first time automating slideshow content with real human faces. Each one of these is a full slid set that gets posted to Tik Tok. And we had 25 of these running, right? Like this is my first time doing with face creators. And I realized this converts a lot better too because you have a real person giving a real story. So all the greens are like content ready to go, right? Like this was my form of automation. You still want to get that human like last check, like the final check before content goes out at all times cuz like the arbitrage really on socials is still human creativity. You want AI to do like 95% of the work and then human comes in 5% for touch-up. I don't think AI is there yet to do the the last 5% and nor do I sell that dream. I think anybody that does is like fully BS. There's content going out every single day, probably like a post or two every single day. And this is kind of how it looks like. There's a there's a person at the beginning and she's telling a whole story, right? Like this is like narrative storytelling kind of same psychology. I'm having this problem, but this is the solution. How do you insert your product to where it's like actually relevant in the content rather than just like, you know, forcing it in there? >> How do you like formulate a text hook for this kind of style? Okay, say it's like Cali. The hook could be like, "Oh, I used to struggle with tracking my calories or I used to struggle with eating. I used to struggle with, you know, gaining weight." Number two could be like, you know, measuring my meals like with a an actual scale, right? But like number five could be using Cali, >> naming the pain point on the first slide. Here's the pain point. Here's how you solve it. And then the content of the rest of the slides, the body slides are things to how to solve it. And then you insert your own solution, which is your app as one of those slides. That's definitely like one of the ways to do it that's gotten really popular, especially if you put like harder solutions first, right? Like no one's probably going to buy that scale and weigh their meat every single day, but people might download this app if it's like, you know, also cheaper than a scale and it's like takes a lot less effort, right? Like you need to give them some solutions that feel real but are just like way too high effort in this day and age and then pose your solution. >> Are all of these every single image is AI generated for these ones? >> No, the first image is AI generated. The rest come from an image bank. This is what we've iterated on three or four times so far just getting to this point of like, oh, how to be efficient at making content. It's probably the best case scenario to use, you know, like an AI creator or even like a real creator as slide one or even like a faceless slide as slide one and then the rest have like image bank setup. So, if slide two always talks about a clarification of the problem that you gave in the hook, you can have like a collection of 50 images that you can run, you know, 300 slideshows on, but like you know, slide two is always one of the 50. And then how are you making the faces for this technique? Cuz this these looked really good. >> So these are like fully synthetic. You contract people's likeness to then put in an image set to train a Laura and then create, you know, one type of person. Then that's with specific prompting. And then once you've, you know, gotten somewhere with like, you know, it always kind of gives the same features every single time. This person looks really similar. Then you train Allora on a specific like, you know, person that you've created. >> What like tools are you using to to do this? >> Flux is good. Hfield is really good at this now too. The real cool thing for us is like we've integrated this in our system too in our platform. >> An interesting pattern that I'm seeing is every time you do something with content over the years, it's always been a slightly different format. There's different technique for doing it. It's because marketing happens in cycles. Consumers kind of get used to a certain format. In your new product, you're kind of addressing this kind of the mix and match features and some other stuff. Can you like go into some of those things? Yeah, there's definitely like an arbitrage cycle, right? Like one marketing strategy does not work for more than like a couple months at a time. Maybe like a year if you're lucky. The current cycle of Tik Tok of like hiring a bunch of creators has gone on for the last 2 to 3 years. I would say when I was one of those creators, it was 3 years ago. This strategy is still working today. Even Dualingo is doing this. Like even Belly is doing this now, right? Like all the big guys are on this. As soon as all the big guys are on this, like it's going to go away in a couple months or there's going to just be like, you know, slight changes in these formats. I actually believe like, you know, running like the mass account strategy will probably always be here as long as content is organic and content is getting fed throughout and like followers don't really matter anymore, but it's just going to be like a change on like actually what works contentwise. >> Could you do a demo of some of the stuff that Double Speed can do? >> Every single one of these accounts lives on a real device. This is a client that has been on our platform for less than 4 weeks and they've generated 4.7 million views just with 15 accounts. Let me show you an example of content that they're running. So every single one of these is an AI generated picture and then all the copy is also AI. And the way these slideshows are made are through our platform. There's just a carousel mode right here. I can go in. There's a bunch of templates already made. And we have like a full content team to actually create you these templates like on demand as soon as you onboard. So I can go in here. I can press this one, fine-tune my prompt. This one's going to do like five Spanish phrases. And I can generate variants. And then it's going to go in and create text for every single slide. This specific template only had three images in them. That's why it's going to use three slides. It's going to generate me text for all of them. >> This is a super specific format. It seems like it's it's about learning Spanish and it's probably for promoting some kind of language learning app, right? And this is a proven format. So, you guys have like tested this and you kind of like found a format that other people are already using and then you're using AI to make multiple like versions of it. >> Exactly. The real way this works in the back end is like we have a tool, take a Tik Tok link, put it in and they'll generate you this template and then off that template you can just make super specific adjustments, right? So like that's the whole thing because you can copy someone's content but then like you need to make some type of difference so that you actually have a chance at winning. So I can do like add row one, add emojis or I can just go in here and like change stuff around myself just like replace this image, change that image, change this background, change whatever I need to and then just go out and I change it, right? The whole thing is that I can have full control on the content. Like normally you would have to kind of reverse engineer like, okay, what made this go viral? And then you would recreate the format in probably the Tik Tok editor or in Cap Cut or something like that and then manually make all these variations. But with this tool, you're just like you're basically just prompting. You can mass create and make edits. How do you figure out what formats to kind of to show in this library? >> These are all public templates that I'm showing you now. Every single account has their own templates too, right? And then you can make like specific adjustments to that prompt. So I can go in here and like this is a full-on every single one of these text box is a variable that you can change. And then I can go in and like save this as a template where I get to choose my prompt. >> You're not manually prompting this. It auto prompts it based on like the content and the product and the knowledge already from your account. >> I will say though that the template is manually prompted, right? So if you have a format that you're running of like five Spanish phrases you should know that will need to be put in like the the template format, >> right? Okay. So the template itself of like five Spanish phrases, that's something that the human gives to the AI and you're saying, "Okay, this format is a good format that tends to go viral on Tik Tok. Now here's the information about my company and the things that what we know about content that has done well. Change the format that I've given and make it this way." And then as soon as you're done doing that, you can cue them to actual devices. So I can go in here, use this template. It already has a prompt for us. Generate a couple variants. It made me a bunch of slideshows. I can also just like randomize all these images again. And all these images are being pulled from an image rank. I can also just go in here and change all the data. So I can be like, you know, download this app and it'll just change right here. So I can just drag this down and now all the hooks change. There you go. So, there's a preset image bank that you've gone out and found a bunch of pictures and stuff like that. >> Usually, these image banks are made by clients. They're just public. >> Your clients that are using this software uploading their own pictures, but then you can see what everyone else has uploaded in. >> There's an option to make it private. If they're just scraping Pinterest, they'll make it public sometimes. >> Just a little bit of my own commentary on this. This is like a crazy piece of software. I've never seen something that does all of the steps of the stack. like it's kind of subtle if you're not used to seeing some of these tools. Any other like cool features to show? >> Yeah, I mean I can show you like exactly what you're hitting on is how to make like mass content, right? Same thing over here, right? Like if you're doing hook and demo, you probably shouldn't be paying creators because like you can do stuff like this in this day and age, right? I can take a bunch of hooks, take a bunch of like screen recordings of my app and then come in here, auto match these videos. is going to match a hook with the demo. Generate some copy to go on top. And then now every single hook has some copy on it. And then I can just go in here and then render these and cue them to real accounts. And like you said, like there are AI content generation tools that will just feed you PGs and then they have no data because they don't do any posting. That's the whole thing. Like how does your content become smarter over time? We call this concept attention intelligence and that's like, you know, that's the whole feedback loop. >> You're right. I haven't seen that before where it's the full loop of how did the content actually do it cuz that that data is so valuable. How many views did it get? How many likes did it get? Bookmarks, whatever cuz I've tried to do this manually with my claude and my GBT and stuff where I feed it high engagement tweets for example and I say these tweets are high engagement and I even like give the numbers. I'm like this tweet got this many likes. Okay, now analyze what about these tweets made them get good engagement. And I use that to generate tweets. And actually like it's like a lot better. Probably five ten times better than just generic prompting chatbt or claude and saying give me high engagement tweets about XYZ topic. Like it'll be okay. But when you actually have the data, it becomes a lot a lot better. If someone like has an app and they don't really know what format to start with, how would you recommend even that first tool that you showed me? You upload a link to a Tik Tok and then it creates a modular version of it. How do you even find the the Tik Tok to begin with? >> Yeah, I mean winning formats are pretty easy to find, right? Like you can find some search terms about your product. So if you're doing like a study tool, then like maybe study talk and go in and see like the viral hits. You'll probably see like slideshows. You'll probably see hook and demos. If they're like within the last month or two, then it's pretty relevant and you can just kind of train yourself to be on that algorithm. >> Can I see the account setup thing? >> When you make your accounts, you're going to go through this onboarding, right? So, I can configure my accounts. Let's give me a product so I can put it in here. >> AI executive coach. What would be the description there? >> Like, it helps you make better business decisions. gives you advice on how to make better decisions, manage your emotions in business to be a higher performer in I guess like business and entrepreneurship. So I can put that in, press next steps. Who am I targeting? 20 to 44 year olds, mostly males. And I can think of some search terms. So like you know, business, tech, AI coach, next step. And then here I can generate my usernames, name and bio, gender, everything with AI. All right. So it's going to generate me some accounts based on what I said. It thinks you should do some female account. And then I can go into this bio and change this up. So like download AI coach, right? And then it's also given me some search terms for every single account. It's actually given me different ones, right? Actually, this is what I'd recommend, right? Like you don't want to run all your accounts the same cuz then you're not like really AB testing anything. But you also don't want too many variables. So like this is why it's, you know, this one is like self-care, this one's self-improvement, this one's like lifestyle, tips, whatever, motivation. And it's also generated some usernames that are all available on Tik Tok. Obviously, it's given a bunch of numbers. We can change that, too. And then just go ahead and save that. And now all of these accounts will be made on real devices. >> And then the warm-up terms are those are being searched. The >> those are being searched on Tik Tok. Correct. >> Are they actually searching these exact terms? >> It's searching these exact terms in Tik Tok. >> And then it's watching videos and scrolling and engaging that content. >> And then it also like takes screenshots of what it's watching, sends it to to an LLM to see like, oh, is this relevant? And then if it's relevant, it'll repost the content or like comment on the content. And if it's not relevant, they'll just keep on swiping. >> Is there anything else you wanted to say that we didn't cover? >> The first month on Tik Tok Shop, we did $100,000 worth of sales and just using AI content. >> Okay, that's crazy. 100K revenue in one month on Tik Tok shop with completely AI content. >> The reason I started the agency and didn't continue the Tik Tok shop is because we got banned because of a 3PL that I used that's manager got deported to Mexico on New Year's Eve weekend and I had a thousand orders lined up. So, Tik Tok just banned my account because they're like super strict. on my like 2-day deadline. >> Could you talk about like the fundraising? Like why did you decide to to fund raise for the startup? >> I think it's pretty obvious, right? Like I didn't drop out of school and quit my job to not build a billion dollar company, right? If I wanted to take this and just make like a cash flowing business like that I I would have on the side, I would have just stayed in school, right? Like even when I worked at Cosmos, I was making more money when I was back in school doing the agency. But I left so I can get the startup experience so I can do my own thing. >> Who's your investor? How much do they invest >> right now? We're in a speedrun. So a A6Z, it's a program by them, basically like their own version of YC, and they do a total of 1 million. >> This is awesome. Thanks for being on the pod. >> Of course. Excited to see it. >> All right, that was a good one. By the way, I'm the host, Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club, which is a private group for app founders to talk to each other about the latest tactics. Median revenue of member is about a million ARR. Check it out. Check out Superwall, too. They're the best. And check out the other interviews on the Superwall channel. See you in the next one.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [23/28] How I Grow Viral Apps to 1M+ Downloads (just copy me)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXGmWdFLsuM
Duration: 38:34
Words: 8,695

Today I talked to Yev, who I believe is one of the best growth hackers I've met in a while. He's currently the head of growth at an edtech app called Sizzle. And before that, he got into some really interesting stuff with YouTube shorts getting billions of views for faceless channels. And in this video, we just go really deep into the tactics and strategies of how to build a growth engine. And also, he gives some pretty interesting takes on how to balance organic and paid marketing for mobile apps. So, by the end of this interview, we're going to know exactly how to build a growth system that is scalable and balance a lot of these interesting tactics. So, yeah, Sizzle AI has been growing super fast. Can you give us the 20 second version of what does the app do and who it's for? Yeah, Sizzle AI, it's a learning app started over a year ago before all the hype of a lot of learning apps, study apps, and there's actually learning science behind it. So I think we find this balance of not just revenue and growth but actual learning happening for anyone that wants to learn like student and prep but any type of learning topic and it's it's tailored to the learner. That's awesome. So by the time we finish this episode what kind of playbook or insight will people be walking away with? On the growth side I'm focused on finding these tipping points. So, anytime you hear a growth hack, most of the time it won't work. But what I'm trying to do is find these lowhanging fruits in all areas of the business on marketing, growth, product, and you realize there's tipping points, meaning these thresholds of low hanging fruit you do, and then at some point a growth hack like pops viral. So, it's going to be this takeaway like where do you shift attention in your strategy to find these moments where you're getting close to conversion actually increasing, dropouts decreasing. So, it's these tipping points that I'm looking for. So before Sizzle even started getting some serious traction, what were your first signs that you saw that this probably has some potential? This is when you're looking at particular pathways of the user journey. There's a lot of noise out there, but certain ones are highly converting or lower drop off. So you know you're on to something because your product actually solves the problem, but then the product is like never good enough. You need kind of like the growth and virality and kind of amplifying what's working. But it's seeing these moments of hundreds of journeys of the user taking, but some of them are actually having the lower drop off. So you know you're on to something there. How'd you get like the first thousand users? Are there any weird hacks or do things that don't scale type of tactics that you did initially? This is hard to recommend, but I'm doing everything on the growth side. Our founder is ex Facebook VP of AI kind of just doing announcement help. So it's not something where I can give a growth hack of like starting exactly from scratch, but that's that's where connections and PR start coming in. Gotcha. Okay. What has been the biggest thing that you really think has made Sizzle grow at its fastest peak rate? One of the growth levers is within this area of identifying every step of the funnel and seeing where the drop offs are the biggest and addressing those. So it's that clarity of identifying from the top of the funnel from the whether it's organic content or paid into the app and then using the app you have to see where the drop off is the highest. So as soon as we shifted focus knowing on there's over 50% drop off here when we improve that we see these 2x to 3x growth moments as opposed to there's like these moments of within the product you're trying to optimize ad features but it's just these 10% improvements. I I think you're asking for like growth strategies. Like we'll get to those. And it's actually not that. That's like very experimentive on types of ads to run, types of organic content, kind of doing things on meta side versus Tik Tok that have these big growth levers for scale. But I would say it's on the conversion side. It's actually finding where your biggest drop offs are and solving them. And all of a sudden you just 2x 3x how many people make it to the next stage. So we could go deeper into like those moments within the payw wall, within the onboarding. So I would say it's those it's identifying where you have the biggest drop off and focusing in on that like every team member is thinking about what to optimize within that from different perspective of of their expertise of really dialing in that area. That's where you see just the biggest growth levers which you can like accomplish within a week as opposed to like a monthly quarterly goal where you're making incremental improvements over time. Yeah, I love the scientific approach to growth just like being super analytical about every single step of the funnel like where can we optimize this? I think we should go super deep into that. Maybe first, could you just tell us like what's the breakdown of organic versus paid? Do you do a lot of organic stuff? And like I think everyone's trying to go viral on TikTok right now. Maybe you could talk a little bit about the organic side and what you guys do there. Yeah, it's definitely a balance. So, it's kind of like there's this tricky moment of wanting the answer if it's organic or paid. But what I found out is knowing when to switch across the two and knowing how to leverage each one. So that is the advantage where I would say like the paid is easier to pull levers because you're like add budget and then you kind of see growth or not. So that's kind of an easier one and now or unorganic there's a lot more things to test just a lot more of how you're approaching the influencers the creatives which platform you're doing it on. So what I found is when you get traction in organic certain posts or certain creators most of the time you then go on to try to replicate that more but what I found is kind of taking a step back and it's kind of like this tipping point is now knowing which ones to amplify with ads. So it's finding this balance. So it's actually doing both like we can get kind of into the percentages of each and it's more on the ad side because we're using it to optimize parts of the funnel. So it's not just paid ads to grow. It's like this very strategic insertion of a ad to find what headline works the best and then we put it in a particular part of the app. So it's leveraging ads in different ways. And actually it'll be interesting to break down on how paid ads are used versus on organic there's the virality but that's to actually have stronger distribution across different creators and kind of more like an engine of content being created and actually getting installs and purchases. That's the goal of organic. But then in paid it kind of has different levers within that. One of them is to amplify the organic to test organic more. And sometimes you kind of have organic content that it doesn't go viral like it just gets like hundreds or views or maybe just like on the low thousands of views and you think it's not working compared to the ones that have like hundreds of thousands or millions of views. But there's like these wild cards where just like something in the algorithm like you put it on TikTok and it just like doesn't go viral, but it may have been like the timing or just something that you posted wrong, but we always kind of have the ignition with paid ads to give it bigger of a lift to see if it actually converts or not. So, it's finding those moments knowing how to amplify organic with paid. I would say that's where I found biggest levers as opposed to like just organic or paid cuz I'm seeing the differences. It's like well if you have like extra budget depending where like your funding is coming from or how much profit is coming in that decides on someone is mostly doing paid or someone's doing mostly organic because they don't have the luxury of experimenting quicker or more with paid ads. So, I'm kind of like in that position of being able to like do both and find like the synergy across them. I feel like this is a huge alpha. I don't think anyone really is doing this right now where they're thinking about the nuances between transitioning from paid to organic and organic to paid. The classic playbook is like let's blow up on Tik Tok and then we'll just run ads with those ad creatives. But what you're saying is like there's a whole system that helps each side like complement each other a lot more. I would love to just dig into that. Like I feel like the editors could also put together like a diagram that kind of shows all the connections between this. But like looking into the process of how you think about that, that would be really interesting. Here's an example where well there's like different platforms or strategies of trying to get organic content and creators, influencers to create content for you like you're doing it yourself or you're kind of finding creators. There's different strategies. So you can like dig in that more. I know you have a lot of experience in that too or understanding how it's working. So in this example where try different platforms that are kind of like marketplaces for like brands and creators, right? This particular one is from join brands and then there's a bunch of ones like testing like side shift and like and kind of our own discord and like just trying different approaches of having creators make content for you. So one it's about the the piece of content. That's one thing. Two is the algorithm specifically on the Tik Tok side is that getting posting just might trigger the algorithm. So you kind of want post uh just a lot of posting there. And three a viral engine component which is different than the first two parts. The first one, the content is more of a paid ad strategy rather than like we kind of have our own designers, creators, and like contractors, people that create content for us. But what if just the content could be generated and then we could be amplifying them with paid ads. That's first one. The second one is more about some of these creators have their own following. So, they'll kind of reach the algorithm different. They have different styles or formats their account is posting like. So if they do it in their style, it just may go viral differently like this one where it's like all right the covering the face and kind of being shocked approach which is like kind of going viral regardless of who does it or maybe it's like not as viral as before. So it's like well let's try that on their channel. Could you actually break down this this whole Tik Tok? This video got 79,000 likes. What about the hook do you think got like hooked that attention? What are the factors in that? And then also how does it actually sell the app? How long do you show the call to action if there even is a call to action? And like how much do you show the product? Yeah. Perfect. And and I'll kind of say it from two perspectives. This is to the to the other point where there's an organic strategy. So there's like a bunch of organic that we did and out of the best ones were amplifying with paid and then this is a paid where we can actually track attribution as well. What purchases it's leading to the cost per purchase in this piece of content that turn into a ad versus other ones where the cost per purchase isn't as good. And then there's the parts of it like the actual hook. why this video converts better than others or why it's more scalable. So the first part was just a hook which it's done in the industry. It's just something shocking and it's not even like talking. Some people want to like start talking right away but it's just more about the expression and kind of like seeing what's working just like copying like the headlines. So that's where just like testing a whole bunch. Some are done by a lot of other viral pages and it's just like all right they just happen to convert. So I think that's more of a emulating strategy of what's working for others and then putting it in the context of yours. So then the middle is more like product demo showing. This just like calls out the audience more knowing that later on it's actually might convert because it's for the relevant audience. Yeah. And essentially some sort of conclusion, not even a call to action. This is where the paid ads do that part where it adds the link. You have purchase attribution. So there's less focus on like calling out what the app is. And then in the comments you can see there's like questions like what is the app or what is the app? But it's like oh I can just use chat GPD for this. Oh, this is like Quizlet or or kind of whatever like kind of other um apps and study apps. So then like the comment section is for that and something that's goofy or whatever kind of just the creator thought of that himself. It's just like how to how to end it and that just did better than other types of videos that he shot different endings. I would say it's like a strong hook and we should dig into the hook more because there's like where I have a lot of virality experience on like on YouTube, Tik Tok what's different and kind of can even show different examples. So, it's like that hook that catch attention. Something in the middle that is more about relating to the audience. That way, it's more likely to convert later. So, I feel like there's like less best practices. It's more about showing something about the product or how it's used. That way, it's not totally relevant. Like, it has to be some relevance there. And then some sort of conclusion that's different than the rest of the video, but there's continuity. And it's more like a pattern interrupter, but after the middle, so they actually stay on. That's kind of more about the video, but I think it's now relevant to talk about like organic versus paid and why certain things work or not. So, this is essentially where testing many different creators and pieces of content and seeing like organically which ones finding the organic outliers that do better than the rest. So, this is where just in comparison to many other videos that you just don't even get into like thousands of views, right? This is a different strategy than organically getting millions of views. If you're able to do that organically, like you're on to something, especially if you can amplify and then start replicating it, changing the first second or the final second when you are onto that. So, it's not even that. It's more about growth hacking into these tipping points where you have 50 organic videos. This actually took more like between 20 and 30 organic pieces of content to find one that's way better than the rest and then kind of replicating that. But it's within do 20 organic videos, kind of multiple creators, multiple hook strategies. You just find the best one, the top 10%. It may not be the best one that's viral, but it'll do better than the rest. And all of them pay amplifying with ads. This might be the alpha. This does not follow like best practices of data science. Even though I'm like former data scientists and like very like mathematical, it's not that. It's about directional patterns. You take all of your organic pieces and just put a few dollars into them. If you're kind of on TikTok, there's like a minimum all of that, but just put a couple of dollars into each one. And what does that mean? You'll have 20 pieces of content and each of them get zero or one click or two clicks which is kind of bad. It's not a good sample size but this is where the magic is. One of them will have like five or 10 clicks and then you're like asking wait was that a outlier? Was that random? Was it just chance but then you just continue the budget more and it either averages out and it was a fluke or you're on to something. So that's why I like this kind of like low sample size approach of finding very quickly across a lot of variety because whether it's in Facebook and Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, the creative makes the biggest difference. There's like targeting strategies. There's so many strategies to improve like the content or the ads. The creative is the biggest one that gives you like the 10x multipliers. the ones where the right creative will give you the 10 time difference as opposed to these small optimizations, which is after you have successful ads and a business model and customer journey, then you can like make these 10% improvements which help your bottom line and you kind of know your numbers better. That makes sense where like each month you make the improvement. But when you're looking for the biggest levers, that's when it should be the 10x differences and that's the creative. And then when you just put a few dollars on each one, you're amplifying that difference between the average creatives versus the one that has the strongest hook. And it just might be that expression in the face whether someone is annoyed or excited, you know, kind of like catches that attention. People watch for one second longer and that's a signal to Tik Tok, YouTube, the algorithm like, all right, the person just watched for one extra second because of that emotional or something in the eyes or the face or the tagline. So now they show it to more and then it kind of amplifies from there. But then that $1,10 $100 ad spend on each of these creatives amplifies that difference more. So I feel like that was your question on finding that balance and actually doing it because I see so many kind of like these organic focused creators which is amazing. They like figure out how to do it on like zero or lower budget like their time and creativity but then it's such a lowhanging fruit to actually amplify that even further and take those middle quality creatives and actually find that they may be higher converting ones because there's kind of this paradox that happens sometimes the more viral it is. It's kind of like viral for the wrong reasons, which is good for reviews, but does it convert or not? You kind of have to like drop down the clickbaitness of it to find the ones that will convert better. And those might be kind of like that top 75% or like in in the top 25% meaning like above the average ones, those middle virality ones that will convert better. I feel like half of the time I'm trying to find the balance between clickbaity content and like not going to the spammy route, but just the ones where you just get attention. It's an algorithm problem. you just want to get attention to beat all of the other advertisers or promoters or pieces of content. And once you do that, then it's about conversion. But if you make it way too clickbaity, then it'll be hard to convert. So you just have to have those elements throughout the video or piece of content. Yeah, there seems to be a tension. If a video goes super super viral, then it probably means you didn't shill super hard in the video because people are willing to share that video with their friends. They don't want to share obviously sponsored posts with their friends. If a video does go viral, probably means it didn't convert as well. It's not always the case, but it seems like that's what the numbers have been saying for you. There's two things that I want to look at. So, first of all, how well did this ad do? What were the results for this one? And then second thing is I want to look into the workflow of like how did you arrive at this level? What were all the little experiments and the variations of organic and how much did you boost each one and you know all that. So this is to the part where with the paid ads, it's a amplifier for the organic. So I'm going to like get into tracking what we're doing to track performance and knowing that there's the full top of funnel and it's on the platform side of the social platform and then you're inside the app. There's like desktop performance, but then you're in the mobile app. So then there's performance within that. So there's two ways I'm measuring the performance. There's kind of like the obvious one and it's how it fits into profitability of the ad and profitability of the company. Meaning that like what are your goals? What LTV do we need? What cost per purchase that do we need? And this is where targeting comes in that Tik Tok is like working better for like US targeting. And then Facebook is working better for global targeting. And then it's a topic like iOS versus Android. So these ones on US and we have different goals on trying to reach $50 cost per purchase versus $100 cost per purchase versus $200 cost per purchase. I kind of set three different numbers because we have different goals on one part of the ad. We want to make sure we get enough data into like the onboarding flow. So, if we're able to reach $200 cost per purchase, which is way more lenient than if we're like being more aggressive on we need to reach profitability where some of these ads are like $100 cost per purchase and depending if we're looking to the LTV. So, we have to like know your churn numbers really well on one part of the ads is kind of like a break even approach and part of it is like pure profit. So you have to know that one of them you're building up that way it's it's profitable and scalable and the other one is we're optimizing the onboarding flow. So I'm kind of like sending in traffic and knowing that we're getting 1% conversion rate from the install all the way down to the purchase. And then I'm taking the same ad. This is where like the key breakdown happens where here's a a successful ad meaning it's it's in the top 10% of the organic content. So now I can amplify it with paid ads and knowing that this creative is like the testing amplifier. So now I take my funnel the actual journey from the install to going through onboarding in the app using the app and then there's paywall related steps whether it's in the onboarding or after product usage. So now I need to look at it as two points of profitability. Meaning that anytime I'm split testing part of the app usage, I kind of like don't care about the cost per purchase because I'm sending in tens of thousands of installs to optimize that data within a few days. And then I'm tracking all of this data to know that here's the best ad that I have. And I know it's not like $2,000 cost per purchase or $1,000 cost per purchase. It's like something that's reasonable. And now I'm optimizing the inapp really fast. It's not taking like weeks or months to optimize it. It's like within days I do three-way experiment, four-way experiment. I'm testing like crazy things like in the payw wall, other parts of the app. And right away that cost per purchase goes from $500 to $300 per person depending what I'm targeting. I'm like, "All right, should I like target teachers as well or tutors?" So part of it is sending in data really fast to optimize and then that cost per purchase moves down really quickly. The performance is more about the velocity of performance. I'm using this ad to increase our velocity of getting from bad numbers to good to really good because able to test really fast and then part of it I'm just kind of separately tracking on we know what that our churn is depending on the audience the country it's kind of between three and seven months it kind of depends on the numbers I'm looking at I can like estimate LTV so I know that each purchase is worth kind of depending on the audience but it's $30 or like $70 or like higher kind of depending on different parts of the product that is purchased that depending on the country and also device like iOS is much better. So then I know the exact numbers. I don't blend this data with the rest because you might make a decision where like, oh, it's $300 cost per purchase. Turn that all off. Sometimes you could do that if you're very aggressive, but then I'm taking where like 20% of it is matching our numbers exactly. So it's kind of I'm okay with incremental improvement there. While crazy testing is here, incremental meaning that then taking this creative and testing 10 different headlines. Yeah. Specifically for this video, it's in the hundreds of purchases. So it's not like crazy where it's like thousands of purchases from a particular video. Guess we can like do the math but it's in the ballpark of hundreds of purchases. Mhm. So this is where my previous answer where then you horizontally scale it. Then that gets into you're replicating it where it's multiple moments of these like different hundreds of purchases that stem from this. So this is like on a scale of hundreds and then what do you do from there? Do you like horizontally scale by having the same creator make multiple variations and then you run ads on all of those as well? Yeah, it's both, but but it's more of the example where it's the same type of video, but you test on the ad side different elements of the ad. So, you're scaling within the ad platform platform. This is if it's different audiences, different headlines, different flows that goes into the app. To you, scaling means you take this winning ad and then you make variations of it. Sounds like a few different levels like audiences, the copy of the headline, and then landing page variations. Is that accurate? on the audience making sure that it's clear on device and countries less on the student or interest because the algorithm is really good. They find that so it's more like broader in terms of the audience of the reach. It's more about how it fits into the funnel inside the app. So that's on the audience side like kind of different countries because different countries have different LTV goals, different MR goals and kind of things that the ad is trying to accomplish. So it's making sure that it's different countries because then this fits into are they going to a free trial or not. So this is on the ad side. So what are we looking at here? Is this the original video or is this like a horizontal scaling? Yeah, this is like scaling it like taking different variations but this is showing same thing but then in US versus different countries. So then it's scaling on that first part or like different targeting and then what happens is inside the app on different flows. So I'm kind of like scaling that way. I have different cost per purchase metrics scaling it on the ad platform side knowing that it's different targeting which diversifies the risk meaning that to scale it even more there's differences that happen inside of the app depending how we have the different payw wall once there's multiple ads going this is like different countries different targeting it's like the same creative but then like changing like the intro or the outro this is where like on the creative side there's like some variations just to like not fatigue the audience but making sure that there's enough different ads and then there's hundred hundreds of different ads at the ad group level. How do you horizontally scale that across different audiences and demographics? Part of the scaling is identifying the funnel steps. There's our analytics that are internal inside of the app like our own dashboards and then what you can see on the platform. There's like the issue of attribution with attributing or not and then versus like everything we're tracking inside just our own database and trying to confirm. What I do is just making sure looking at all of the different attribution types of like metrics and periods. I know there's a lot of data and then like gut feeling that if you run an ad and you have 10 purchases reported or 100 purchases, what does that actually mean? Are is the real data where it's like double that? So, I think there's like a good insight where it's usually like double that and then I'm doing like different lift studies where I completely turn off ads to see how much sales go down and then I turn them back on to see how much sales go up to get estimates of these lifts. And then um the same thing when I'm looking at some of these ads time period for any ad knowing how many are coming in right away kind of like 1 day versus 7 day or beyond to know that at least 10% of the purchases are coming in later that aren't relatively instant. Then also looking at scan versus what's other reported purchases knowing that another over 10 to 20% of the purchases are coming in through these other attribution methods and then I'm actually in Apple connect looking at analytics like based on platform knowing that another 10 to 20% of purchases are coming in from spillover types of attribution that are happening like somebody sees the ad and then they just go search for it and then they like end up like installing and and purchasing. So there's all of these different attribution sources that then give me more confidence on being able to scale ads out because I know what's being reported in the actual ad. So this is making sure that you have some sort of funnel step view. Not only like on onboarding, you might know like how many people you're dropping off at each different step, but within the ads as well. Whether it's as simple as setting up the columns, but just seeing that order of how many people you have from install, there's like I have like hundreds of ads, actually like thousands of ads. I'm just kind of showing a very like refined example from like install, registration, kind of different engagement, and then different payw wall steps. So I want to make sure to see that so you know what the drop offs are. just so when I'm looking at 20 of these looking for outliers I see which ones have higher percentage of conversion lower drop off and actually making custom metrics making sure that it's percentage wise comparison as well that way it's much easier to split test it when I was talking about the Tik Tok example where there's creative but then there's many different adsets with different targeting knowing which one is loading to lower percentage of drop pops just so it's much easier to tell on what the percentage is of like from one step to the next from the install using the app different steps of the payw while being able to measure that because that's where you end up seeing outliers like these top 10% where from going into the purchase there's these 10x differences on some of the ads some of the targeting depending on the journey they took inside of the app. So there's like different types of products and some of them start using a particular product and end up purchasing and it's 10 times higher conversion then kind of just like roaming through throughout the app. Is there any outlier stat that's really interesting here? Actually this is a better example here where I take this approach. So this was headline testing where it's the same creative, so it's a constant variable. So it's the same video ad, same targeting, but I'm just testing just one factor. In this case, it's creative and seeing um just the differences in the performance. Then I turned off a bunch. So then these ones have a lot more ad spend than the ones that didn't work. But it's this approach where it's like look at these 10 ads. my earlier example where I'm like even if you're spending just like a few dollars per creative, you're going to start seeing these outliers where it goes from one click to 10 click or a purchase comes in and some like never get a purchase and some start getting two three purchases and then I revisit it weekly to make sure that that pattern holds. So it's doing this approach but for each of your hypotheses making sure that it's here it's just the headline everything else is the same and the same thing like with the Tik Tok examples where it's all kinds of different targeting different countries but it's the same thing. It's that identical creative and then they start taking different flows and then it's repeating that but inside of the app but it's the same targeting same creative. Would you consider this horizontal scaling doing the headline variations? I would say this is trying to get deeper because you found something that's working. So in this case the video was successful. So now when it's like scale this video more and it's finding these headlines. So this one isn't for different audiences. As soon as it gets into like different audiences, it starts getting into like different psychologies and different like value propositions which kind of feel more horizontal here. It's like going more deeper to be able to scale this, but it's kind of like one word make a difference. Okay. I just want to try to build out a step-by-step process for this. So, it sounds like step one is organic variations, small boosts on each organic variation. Second step is find a winner and then you start doing deeper scaling with things like this, like headline variations. And then maybe step three now you go to different audiences and try to test stuff there. I'm trying to piece together all the different parts and try to put it into a very simple to understand framework. That's completely right. The only thing is I try to move through that flow very quick. Meaning that within a week I test all of that and then move on to the next layer which is repeating that same process within the app. Then that expands into the app. Meaning that if you have different pay walls, different onboarding, that flow will be different depending on what country the user is from. So if I narrow down and I find that certain countries are doing better, then I take just that country and then tracking that data in different flows, different experiments inside the app, within a week that experiment starts expanding into newer flows, newer experiments, but it's repeating those processes. It's just that what you outlined was in the context of organic variations, taking the winner of that, being able to have a like different targeting and scaling it further, but it gets into the app right away. Yeah. Let's look at the app now. Uh this is more examples of variations testing and kind of like smaller differences versus bigger. Like one is like social proof. So there's like promising metrics anytime you social proof. But what I'm trying to do is like rather than the test itself where it's three types of registration, one is more cleaner, one is warmer, one is there's like more social proof. tracking all of these metrics. Same thing then on paywall side where it's just trying different variations whether it's comparison free versus a paid plan more detail versus less detail these more like bigger variations but then within that it's finding like micro variation so it's an aspect of social proof where I think the interesting part is certain metrics go up you have like more engagement but less purchases and in certain situations it's like oh crap it's like we're like on to something but the social proof is not in the right place so you have to take these learnings and then put them into micro experiments so the goal isn't specifically like to do these tests, but it's to learn from it as fast as possible to move into the ne next test within a week. There's like all of these new sets trying to find out the data like really quick. Same as on the ad side. There's like the process of following of how you're trying to identify the steps of where the organic comes in paid on the testing. But I would say like the more important is trying to run through it as fast as possible to like unlock the next test. Same here registration page onboarding doing some variations to see all right is it leading to like more purchases more more engagement finding the balance of those because we actually like want testers want students to learn so we don't always look at just like the purchase metric because sometimes engagement goes way down we're like all right let's find that hybrid approach where we don't lose engagement and still getting purchases I look at a lot of assisted conversions and I'm looking at the way certain screens assist in conversions you run an experiment during onboarding and then at the end you have more or less purchases or more or less engagement. But sometimes there's a screen where people don't convert on that screen, but it's like an assisted conversion. So, making sure you're tracking that and you find these patterns that you don't see if you're not tracking assisted conversions. So, I don't know like how common it is for others, but making sure that you're setting up your analytics. That way, you kind of have like a second opinion or like a tiebreaker. If purchases are neutral in your test, look at assisted conversions. That will help deciding some of these screens helping or not. So that was the example here where like social proof had mixed findings purchases were up but in certain types of demographics or pathways but when you look at it as a assisted conversion then it was like neutral meaning like there wasn't the negative effect that I thought it was if you're just looking at the final conversion metric across all users all countries back to like the organic and ad side when you're running those different experiments from the different creatives they might lead to a different dynamics on like is social proof relevant for them or not. But when you're looking at the assisted conversions, it kind of adds this tiebreaker. That way, you don't like make a decision based on just the final data point. You have to take this first principles, making sure that you're measuring something, but adding on to that second order thinking and strategies to make sure that it amplifies it in these scenarios because it gets sophisticated with the top of the funnel testing on the ad side and how it actually happens within the app. Yeah, I appreciate the super deep breakdown. What are some of the things that got you into virality? cuz I think you've done some super mega viral like YouTube shorts stuff where I have like many different channels and it's figuring out like that virality in the first split second and it's all kinds of themes like fake text messaging like Spongebob like president head comedy videos so it's all kinds of stuff that you can easily automate use AI or like examples like this where it's oddly satisfying type of stuff where it's just like a few seconds long but it's the first seconds that catch attention again you have to realize that revenue is not high well like depending like what country you're from. So, I feel like me figuring that out throughout this past year, there's something psychological happening of curiosity, attention, and then comes e-commerce, commerce. So, I feel like just having that experience of all kinds of different niches being able to capture attention and this like micro storytelling. Then it's the same thing in app like attention from the organic content into an app and converting. So, this channel did 26 million views in the last 28 days. That's what this dashboard is showing, right? Could you show us what are these videos? Oh yeah. Let's see. That's the video. Hundreds of millions of views over like a billion views. And actually another channel I have that's like even more where it's like just crushing stuff and like breaking stuff. You have to have like other business models. But also I have over 10 of these channels. Things have to add up. But it's like learning that viral moment. And in other topics like fake text messages, right? Kind of different demographics. So it's kind of interesting how there's these weird niches like all over YouTube and Tik Tok, right? I'm being able to like create this virality. essentially is this micro storytelling that's happening there. I'm going to ask two more questions. First one is someone had an MVP or an app that doesn't have that many downloads, but you have a $5,000 budget. What would you do to get your first few users and start getting traction? I don't think most would say this, but I would try to spread it out in as many learnings as possible, as many hypotheses as possible. So rather than like putting it all into the algorithm and it working, you just might be testing a piece of content or strategy that it's just not an outlier and you're just going to dump it all. So instead, think of as many variations as possible, like 100 if you can. It sounds extreme, but after like 20, you're going to force yourself to think about what's a slightly different format, angle, hook, and then even if it's like a $1 amplifier for each of those, I feel like it's going to go longer because you're going to get zero clicks for almost all of them, but then there's going to be one that has like 20 clicks. You're like, "All right, what's going on? Is this an outlier? There's something different about it, right? Like the viral YouTube example that I showed. It's like I didn't even like think is that relevant for learning. Well, that actually this like the strategy I'm trying next is like applying these completely other niches into the learning niche. There's like learnings in other industries and you start mixing them, you start getting virality. So, I would say put it into as many creative ideas as possible. Dilute it out because that's where the outlier will come out from. So, like a hundred variations is insane, but it totally makes sense. So you mentioned you could put as little as a dollar in to each video. Is that actually how you would do it? Would you actually spend like a dollar on each 100 videos? What's the budget you usually do just to get that tiny little boost? The platforms have minimum but yes the minimum in each of the platform and this is where I'm testing like Google, YouTube, Facebook, Tik Tok to find those outliers. The same thing or similar thing in a different platform might give you 2x results but yes the minimum on each of those. So it depends is like5 or $20 depending on the platform. That's what I would do. 20 creatives, the lowest on each one, and then just track it throughout the day. It's not going to go all the way down to the purchases, but you're just looking at the top of the funnel metric. Which one is getting the most clicks? And that's it. It's almost like a little bit of clickbait, but again, this is a psychological game of what's getting attention, what's telling the right story, the strong hook, and you're going to find the one that's two, five, 10x performance better than the rest. Then you dial in on that one. Then that one you want to track that all the way down to the purchase, make variations. But most don't even get to the finding of the outliers and they're stuck in these the worst 75% of the content creative and they never get that virality or that that viral channel or video. You kind of hear this from like people that have been doing it for years that they have virality cuz they tested like 500 things. Maybe it took them a year but try to condense those 500 videos into a week. It sounds extreme but after you make 20 of them then you start looking at competitive tools. You start having a meditation session to inspire you or you go on a jog or you kind of talk to people. You have different team members come up with ideas. You start approaching these creative ways of coming up with idea and that's when you find the outliers because you tested enough. That's kind of like the more straightforward approach even though it's like a lot. You kind of have to get creative. The other one is something along partnerships. There's so much traffic, so much audiences. You could like buy an existing channel or audience or partner where it exists and your creative will already have a hundred times more likely chance of success. So this is kind of more like either a networking route, a partnership route or just kind of like you acquire this piece of asset and it might cost you the few hundred, $3,000 to like shortcut your way into having access to an audience like renting the audience or buying it that will skip all of these other steps of building it yourself to find out really quick. So I would say that's the a little bit more sophisticated, but then you're kind of thinking a lot more strategically on how like investors think or VCs think or kind of like on the enterprise level. I've done both and both have their own very fast growth labs and like trying to combine them. So you said 20 different creatives, $5 budget for each one. Is that what you said? Like and that's all Tik Tok. $20 minimum on Tik Tok. So then if we're talking about Tik Tok, I would go with the example where you have to like put $20 in each one, but you could turn it off after it spends $5. You could turn it off. So yes, this is actually the approach where 20 creatives $20 each. Turn it off halfway if you want, but now you have 20 pieces of content within hours. You'll know which one is an outlier. Even if it's not amazing, it's better than the rest. So that's what you have to go with. You instantly growth hacked into finding the one that is better than the rest. It's not maybe the best one, but it's like good while the rest were bad. So now you take that and make variations of that. That would be like the next phase. So for Tik Tok, you would do 20 creatives, $20 each. It would take you like a few hours to see those results. For Facebook, is it different? Yeah. I even go more extreme on Facebook. You could put lower amounts and it's just easier to duplicate and scale everything. So it's the same thing, but I try to have 30 40. So in there, you just learn much quicker. There's kind of like attribution issues. If you're trying to go down to like in this phase of growth hack, don't worry about that yet. It's more about as many variations as you can. But the example that I showed where it's the same video, many headlines or the other way, just pick the same headline, one that is generally working. It's getting decent click-through rates, but then change the video like that piece of content. Just to wrap it up, so like 30, 40 videos on Facebook and then putting as little as a dollar behind each one and you can just get instant results there and find some outliers. Yeah, you're going to find right away that four or five of those videos are much better than the rest. You're going to think, is it statistically significant or not? Probably not. But this is directional. Some of them will have 5 10 clicks more more than the rest. Then of course you increase the budget and test that and expand it further. That's super interesting. I love it. It's just like super rapid. This is like a really great road map for just super rapid testing. I think when most people are thinking about starting, it's like, oh, let me try five ads. Let's try 10 ads. But it's like for you, it's like, no, 40 ads on this platform, 20 ads on another platform, and just Yeah. Yeah, you just need to experiment as fast as possible to get those outliers. So, yeah. And the easier part is whoever's already focused on organic just amplifying existing cuz you already probably have hundreds of pieces of organic. Yeah, super interesting. Okay. Thanks so much. Yeah, but this is great. All right. All right. That was Yev. Great conversation. Uh Yev is also a member of Consumer Club sponsored by Superwall. Consumer Club is just a place where we talk about all the the growth tactics, successful app founders and operators and growth hackers. Yv has been an active member for a while. So, it was great to have him on the pod.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [24/28] Optimize paywalls for your mobile apps using Superwall. #subscriptionmodel #appmarketing #indiedev
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZx8fAL8Nvw
Words: 209

hey everyone Jordan from Super wall and I'm here today with one quick tip specifically around placements and it's this don't create one catch all placement instead create one for each action that you want to pay wall or maybe later want to pay wall cuz you can remotely activate or deactivate these you can see in my soccer app I've got about five placements here and I'll show you why that's valuable if I were to use the app and I'm not on a paid subscription when I take this action here I get a placement that I've set up the five now the reason this is great is if I were to say restart the app run it again I have another placement that fires after onboarding here's why this is really great now I can go into my dashboard and specifically I can look at the recent matches and you'll see here all of those placements are listed now what I can do is I can make a correlation between actions people were taking and when they upgraded to either a trial or a paid subscription and you can use that for optimization thanks for watching and I hope to see you soon using super wall

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [25/28] This app makes $2m/year using this ridiculously easy strategy
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_JUxa3RZgM
Duration: 32:31
Words: 8,334

Like I hated this idea when I first heard about it. It came from a pivot and me and one of my engineers were talking and he was like, "You should use GPT to fill out job applications." So I ended up being like, "All right, fine. I'll post it on LinkedIn and see if it gets any traction." I posted it and it blew up. >> Is there anything you would do now with the knowledge you have now to change the weight list strategy? >> No, I think weight lists are useless. You don't need to like bring people onto a weight list, get people to pay. It's going to be harder, but it's going to give you more results. Like let's say I'm launching a new app right now. The first thing I would do is What if I told you there's a consumer app that's quietly pulling in $2 million in ARR that you've probably never heard of? While most apps struggle to hit 100K a year, Dan, the founder of Massive, cracked the code using some genius, unconventional marketing tactics. So today, I sat down with Dan to break down his playbook, he's done more marketing experiments than most founders attempt in their entire lifetime. And today, he's revealing exactly which ones move the needle and which ones you need to avoid. So, if you're building a consumer app or you just want to see how some outofthe- box thinking can help you generate millions in revenue, what we cover in this conversation will help you grow. So, before we get started, I have to give you a fair warning. In this conversation, Dan exposes some of the shadyiest, literally illegal marketing practices in the app space right now. He's not doing them, other people are. So, as a disclaimer, do not use those techniques. Without further ado, let's dive in. All right. Introduce yourself and and your company. My name is Dan. I built a product called Massive, and we use AI to fill out job applications. We have a website and a mobile app. It's like Tinder for jobs. Sign up, upload your resume, get matched to lots of really great jobs, and then AI fills out the applications for you, customizes the resume and cover letter, goes directly to the company sites, and just applies you to new jobs every single day. We've been around for about 2 years at this point, and we've submitted tens of millions of applications and helped a ton of people land really cool jobs. >> And this all started from, you said, a viral LinkedIn post. >> Like, I hated this idea when I first heard about it. It came from a pivot and me and one of my engineers were talking and he was like GPT3 had just come out and we were trying to pivot from another product. We'd raised $3 million from a bunch of VCs and we were like well that didn't work out like what do we pivot to now? And I'd always really like hated job search. I had this pain point that I thought about for years. A lot of my friends were going through it and he was like you should use GPT to fill out job applications. And I was like that's so dumb. Like no one would want that. So I ended up being like all right fine. I'll post it on LinkedIn and see if it gets any traction. At that point, I had like maybe 500 connections. I posted it and it blew up. We got I think like 8 million impressions, 5,000 comments, and people were really really excited. Yeah, that was like the first thing that like, holy, this is something that people actually want. We started to build the product and kind of go from there. And I hate LinkedIn now. Like that's my goal is to delete it. So, I made a LinkedIn post that was just like, hey, like if I built this tool, you know, would anyone want it? That's amazing. What are the stats looking like now? So, right now we're at about 200K a month. I don't know the exact number, but it's definitely more than 10 million applications at this point. We're still a tiny team. I think that's another big thing that I really like about present day is like we are is me. It's a full-time engineer and I have a handful of like VAS and like ops people. >> And what was like the hook? What do you think made that go viral? >> I almost did it as like in spite to the engineer cuz I was like, "Watch this. It's going to get two likes." I didn't even share it to anybody. It just kind of picked up Steam organically. So, I think like a good idea is a good idea. And I think if you just communicate it clearly, people will pick up on that. When I say Tinder for jobs, people get it like this. But if I say like, "Ah, it's your job search on autopilot or uses AI to fill out job applications or like all this stuff." It like it's not as clear. Well, Tinder for jobs, like people are like, "Oh my god, it increases reply rates from creators. It helps us do like two to three times more views probably like simplicity and clarity build a great product, but also helps your audience understand your product." >> So, you did viral LinkedIn posts. How do you grow now? >> Right now, it's just as many consumer subscription apps. It's going to be paid ads, UGC, and influencers. And you know, whatever's working at that moment, wherever you've unlocked arbitrage, it's like that's what you're pushing. You got a hard pay wall, like sell your product. >> That's interesting. Yeah. It's a subscription product. >> Yeah. And if it solves a problem, people want to pay for it. >> How did you do a blend of UGC, influencers, ads? Is that also how you grew to 2 million AR? >> So, I'll tell you just like step by step. I'll like completely break it down how anyone can get from zero dollars to where we were like to 10k, 20k, 50k, 100k, etc. And we've tried everything, right? I've tried all the hacks and stuff along the way. So like what works for us might not work for you, what works for one company might not work for another. I started to realize also why so maybe people can avoid some of the mistakes I've made. Pretty much from that first viral LinkedIn post, it took us about 2 months to build a product. So we were building a weight list. It was maybe at that time that I'd heard about tabs and that was the first experience I heard about like Oliver doing UGC stuff and it actually took off. It did pretty well and we got I think 40 or 50K weight list sign up in the first 2 months of just playing around with this core idea that obviously the idea was going viral so we kept pushing on it. I kept making posts on LinkedIn about here are the top 200 companies hiring now. We would get emails that way and then I would make some UGC posts. We'd get some emails that way to the side. So it was just like anything to get weight list signups. And by the time we launched in I think it was April, we had, you know, a lot of signups and a lot of people excited, filled out type forms, all this stuff. And then we launched, we got our first subscription. As soon as we got the first subscription, I was like, "This is going to be a billion dollar company." Like I know for a fact, like, you know, we'd done B2B before, we' done different types of businesses, but as soon as we did that like first consumer sub, I was like, "This is huge." The problem with that is only about like half a percentage of the weight list converted to even signing up. Like the weight list did not convert at all. No one paid for it. No one cared. Everyone forgot about it, it seemed like. And that was heartbreaking cuz I was like, "What the hell did I do all this work for?" And so then the next few weeks were just literally gorilla marketing boots on the ground trying to get as many people to sign up and pay as possible. At that time it was Hacker News. I did a big push on Hacker News. I scraped emails manually, scraped posts. I reached out with like heartfelt messages like, "Hey, I think you should use this." And that's how we got our first like 100, maybe 500 users to go pay and give us feedback. And then the next few months up until probably December from April to December were just like manual grinding to I think it was maybe 20k orr like that and it was me and one engineer his name is Rohan. It was really really hard. It was like at that point we had almost run out of money. You know we were a few weeks away. >> Is there anything you would do now with the knowledge you have now to change the weight list strategy? Like do you think it's possible that you could have had a higher converting weight list? >> No. I think weight lists are useless. I think it's good to signal intent. You don't need to like bring people onto a wait list. Like you should be just using that time to get people to pay. It's going to be harder, but it's going to give you more results. Even if they're paying for some small version of your product, like get them to pay. It's so much more valuable than a weight list. If I could do it all over again, I wouldn't do weight list at all. I would instead test the idea. I would definitely test it. So like let's say I'm launching a new app right now. I want to launch a running app. I run a live and I want a live AI coaching running app. Thought about this idea. I've wanted to launch it before. The first thing I would do is spend probably 1 to 2k max on a handful of influencers with a super tight value prop. Test it. I wouldn't do UGC cuz I think it takes too long to iterate. And I think maybe like what Cali got right is they like put it in the hands of influencers first for super cheap and just like tested it with proven distribution. Like does this message resonate? Will it convert to subscriptions? I think they got good paying traction from there. Just get proven distribution. Just test your idea, validate it in the fastest way possible. And that's going to be through influencers who already have consistent views on all their videos. That's interesting. So, what message did you find resonated with consumers when you tried influencers? One of the problems that I've seen a lot of people are having is like people can do views. People can do conversions, but can you do conversions and views? And to be frank, like we're still learning that. We're still failing at that sometimes, a lot of times. So, like we'll do really, really well. And then I'll be like, "Oh my god, I figured it out." And then all of a sudden videos start performing super poorly on conversions. But I will tell you, I think we do maybe 3 to 4 million views per week roughly. >> It's a lot of views. >> Yeah. So when we were doing like 500k views, we were actually probably converting as much. We just started to scale up on the influencer UGC side a lot and test a lot of new stuff and it didn't work. So that's the position we're in now is like we really wanted to get more views. We' figured out what was getting views and we thought we knew what was converting and we tried to scale that up and it broke. So I think it's a constant game of like there's no proven way to look at when you get a video and when you get downloads and views. early on it's actually great because you're not getting that many viral videos. So when you do get one you can clearly see in stripe or in revenue whatever that like is this converting and you have to build that muscle early on so that you can know when you're getting lots of viral videos like which videos are converting cuz right now we're getting three four five viral videos a day kind of thing. It's like I don't know which ones are driving conversion. So you have to know that beforehand before you start doing multiple videos per day. What drives conversion? I think it's different for every company. It should be about problem and solution. skits, for example, for us don't work because they don't target the problem well enough. I think there's a lot of nuance here. General ideas for content guidelines is we found a hook that consistently converted. It consistently found the right audience. So, you need to number one target the right audience. If you hook them with the right problem, then you've got them. And then if your solution actually solves the problem, you can convert them. So, that first part of getting the right audience with the right problem is actually the hardest part. One example is like we've done a bunch of skits that are targeting like college students. College students don't convert for us at all. They kind of just like don't care about internships. They don't care about applying jobs. They just will not pay for job search. Won't pay pretty much if you target the right audience. So for example, we had one where it's like stop using LinkedIn to apply to jobs. I'll tell you the nuance here. Like stop using LinkedIn to apply to jobs and we'll get a million views on that. If it's done well, it'll convert very highly. If we say stop using Indeed to apply to jobs, there's almost no conversion which is psychotic. We can use the same thing, but when we say LinkedIn, it targets like more white collar folks. It targets our demographic better. If you say stop using Indeed to apply to jobs, it targets a more blue collar audience. And actually, when you target that audience, the video still does numbers, but it does numbers because the comments are so filled with hate of like, are you kidding? You have to pay to apply to jobs. This is latestage capitalism. Like, people call for my execution in these videos. So, we very obviously hit the wrong audience. It's very scientific. You're almost thinking about I always compare everything to Facebook ad marketing cuz that's what I got started with. But it's almost like audience targeting except your audience targeting is just calling out the characteristics of the audience in the first 3 seconds. Stop using LinkedIn to apply to job. And that's what I've learned. It's just like talk to the audience. Like they're getting bombarded with all this junk, especially now with AI ads and all this stuff. And it's like horrible ads. Just literally connect with them as a person. Like I'll show you one of the best ad accounts I've ever seen. And I think if people took advice from this ad account, it's a thing called Yoga Body and I bought it. I don't even like like yoga. I didn't even know I needed to stretch. It's like a stretching course. It's like a hundred bucks. I wasn't looking for this at all, but I kind of got served this and the ads were so good. They were like, "If you are running more than 10 miles and you have tight hips, here's why." I was like, "Okay, holy, that's really specific, but I'm listening. I'm running more than 10 miles. I have tight hips. what the hell is going on? And I listen to the video and then he presented the solution and I was like, "Okay, actually that sounds pretty good." And I still have four or five more ads that were like consistent in that messaging and like had proof points. I converted immediately. And if you look at this ad account, like like these posts are running for almost two years. >> Two years. Wow. >> This is one of the best ad accounts I've ever seen. And they're pumping. Like this is I don't know hundreds of thousands of likes and like this. They're probably spending millions of dollars a month. >> Can we watch the ad? The best way to fix your squat and unlock your hips. It's not this interesting. I would guess this is like a retargeting ad, right? Because it didn't really start with a problem as much. >> Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of them are like this. So, I think I saw six ads before I actually converted. They were all in this similar style and you could tell the first one I saw was kind of generic and then I remember the next few were very like trying to figure out my pain point that I would convert on and they finally found the pain point and I was like, I'm in. And by the way, this experience to purchase the product and so people talk about this all the time is like conversion rate optimization. The experience to purchase the product was insane. I think it took me 15 minutes to check out and I had to stop doing it on my phone and go to my computer because it was impossible to actually check out on my phone because it was like the check out button was hidden. So, if you're talking about conversion rate optimization, this dude had a website from like 2010 and I still I wanted to pay him that $100 because the creative was so good. So, there's a lesson in that. Same thing for like I remember I saw like a podcast from them and it was like they just ripped an onboarding or something. So somebody was like breaking down their onboarding and like saying like here's what's the scientific psychological and they're like yeah we just ripped it. And I remember like I was talking to Zach. I was like yo like where did you get your onboarding? We just ripped from somewhere. And I was like I just ripped mine from somewhere too. And so it's like the marginal benefits aren't going to be there. Like at least for ads probably for any marketing you're doing with short form it's going to be in the creative. Like if you make people want your product and it's a good product that actually solves their problem that they want they will freaking break down walls to get it. You should focus on that first. That's a great lesson. Just rip stuff. I guess don't fully copy, but like if you just look at an ad or you look at a piece of video and you break it down the way that you did, like oh, like you're not aware that your joint pain was attached to your 10 mile run that you didn't even connect that. So, you weren't even problem aware. That's something I've heard about cold audiences is like if you want to sell completely direct response on ads, you actually want to find the people that are not even problem aware. So they don't even know that they have the problem and then you tell them that they have the problem. For your ads or even organic, are you targeting people that already know the pain points of jobs and why they have that problem? I very rarely on organic try to experiment. I think there's way too much volume of videos to try to be creative and experiment with stuff. I think on organic if you're really doing this at scale you have to be doing probably 80% I don't want to call it copying but like looking at what's already gone viral before and then replicating that in your own way and then 20% can be saved net new stuff like it's irresponsible and trying to grow your company to not do formats that are already doing well especially formats that can scale across verticals across apps like I'll give you one example that I call it career Dave style this guy career Dave is from one one of our competitors companies called source and he came up with this really great style that consistently goes viral for him. What I look for in UGC concepts in order for us to do numbers is concepts that have proven to go viral before and you know in this case like he did 837 210 280 like let's just sort by popular. So not only is he putting up numbers but it's actually it's also happening very consistently and it's the same roughly one or two formats. This is really rare to find that it consistently goes viral. Mainly, it feels very authentic in its discovery portion. That hook is actually really cool. I like how he has two faces in the hook. He has his own face and he has a friend's face and then the camera is like moving. It feels super organic. Alyssa home find. So, check this out. This is video from Dup. Yeah, but like look at this. It's the same discovery. It's literally career Dave style, right? It's like and it has two people now. It actually has three people. It has a third person in the background. So, it feels like the person is discovering something. Very quick interruption for a fun fact. Dan is a member of vetted group consumer club. It's for consumer app founders. The median revenue of a consumer club member is 1 million ARR. This does not mean you need 1 million ARR to join Consumer Club, but it is for vetted founders that kind of know what they're doing and they have some value to add to the group. Just wanted to say that. And also members of Super Wall team are inside of Consumer Club to help you with your pay walls. That's it. That's the interruption. Back to the episode. Yeah, I don't know if you saw where I screen shared, but like there's dozens of videos in this exact same style from like a dozen plus different accounts. When you find a format like that, you need to run with it. Breaking that down, you need to figure out why it works and then figure out how to be able to replicate it. In Alyssa's case, it took her weeks to actually figure out this format. Like all these videos were doing hundreds of views, hundreds of views, and she started doing this format and it was like kind of not really. And then, you know, it took her a few weeks to really get to to this, but she was doing the same thing over and over and over again. And I will say like the ones that were getting lower views didn't feel authentic at all. But then when you watch this, >> wow, it's so nuanced. It's like almost the same thing, but just the micro expressions and every Yeah. And that's the difference, dude. The same format, 382 views versus 1.7 million. And the conversions here, I know, are insane. Like the conversions for this format are very high. So, like, dude, the difference is first of all, you know, what does that take? You've got to find UGC creators who can do that format, who understand why it works. You have to coach them into that. You have to have them keep pumping that for weeks if you really believe in it. People like talk about UGC is like, "Oh, we're going to let's try all this stuff." No, most UGC accounts looks like it's 500 videos, you know, a few hundred views. They look like garbage. They're trying different stuff. They're not like iterating on concepts that like if they got 6,000 views, they're not taking that and like trying to iterate on it. So, it's just all slop. What she did was she was like, "All right, I'm going to try one thing. You know what? There's this other concept that's working. Let me try this. says, "Oh, I got 6,000 views. Let me keep going here." And she went for another 4 weeks after that to get to where she was. That's UGC's. Like, you really got to like 80% has to be copying what's already gone viral because that's what's going to go viral again. I love this format. This is so good. The other guy I also found like I searched careers apply to jobs keywords. And then some of them are like the street interview like what do you do at work? Yeah, there's the guy. This video did 3,000 times the engagement of the median engagement. >> Good points about this too. like this is a good time to bring up. Number one, we did a video that had 11 million views and almost no conversion. It had conversion. It was like 20 camera like relatively not a lot. I'll show you that video right now. And then another thing is like but like grey hat UGC right now. I'm seeing it happen a bunch. It's psychotic and I think it needs to be called out and I think the companies need to be called out. I think like all that needs to end like most importantly they're just going to get sued by the FTC but at the same time this happened to every single ecom bro who's running a you know every gray hat and black hat offer. They lost everything. And I think the same thing is going to happen to apps. I think people look at apps as like, oh, like it's, you know, they're college students are just ripping views and stuff like that. But you're like misleading consumers watch. Okay, so I'm going to show you this video. This did roughly 11 million views, but almost no conversions. Like 20K MR. It's not a lot for 11 million. And it's like, who's still using Indeed? Look at this thing. It's Tinder for jobs. 0 to 3 million views, it like did almost no conversions. And then 3 to 3 1/2 million, it did a ton of conversions. And 3 and 1 half to like 5 million, it did no conversions. And I was like watching this live and watching the conversions happening. And so it was just hitting the wrong audience at different points. and then all of a sudden hit the right audience for a little bit and then hit the wrong audience and I was seeing this happen live and that drilled into me this idea of like you've got to talk to the right audience at least for us. I think this is also really specific uh maybe to our product. I've learned that maybe for Cali it' be different maybe for like more general apps death clock whatever something that works for everybody. Number one, what we did wrong there was we targeted Indeed. You just got to read the comments like sounds like everyone but you are still using Indeed. That's because if you're like a dishwasher or like a plumber or like you know I don't know working a cashier job like yeah you're going to use Indeed. You're going to apply to three jobs. you're going to get four interviews and you're like, I'm set. Like, I'm great. I'm making $23 an hour now instead of 21. Versus if you're like working a white collar job and you're like, you have like stuff going on on the weekend. You don't have time to apply, but you're making a decent amount of money or you've just lost your job. You've been laid off and you've got some time to like explore and you know that in tech for white collar jobs, it takes hundreds of applications and you're just going to want to automate that. I would pay a lot of money for that. So, this is all about hitting the right audience. This is the exact thing I'm talking about like hitting the wrong audience. >> It kind of makes sense. Like I guess that's one problem with organic is that you don't optimize. There's no like conversion event. Like Tik Tok is optimizing for views, not conversions obviously. Whereas if it was in an ad, you could tell the ad platform. Okay, I'm optimizing for conversions. It would continue to show it to eyeballs that are similar to the eyeballs that just purchased compared to this where it's just showing it to more and more people regardless of who's converting. And you're going to hope that you get some. But it seems like it's still a pretty good strat. Like if you have 11 million views and like some percentage of those views are high converting, like does it feel worth it to you? >> Getting to there is actually pretty hard and took us a bunch of shots on target. Like at that by the time we got to this video, we'd been running a UC program for like a year. I really just like wanted to restart it and put a lot of new energy into it. And this happened within the first like 4 days of like restarting that UGC program, but then that program dies. Like you know, it's just like it requires a lot of management. So the question is, is it worth it? For me, it's only worth it if number one, it's something that I can do relatively long-term and scale hard. I feel like UGC just like doesn't scale that hard. We could talk about like Cluey a little bit here because it's tough to get signals about what converts and what doesn't. And I think that you should pay to get that data. So, I think maybe paid ads is a better approach for that than at least UGC because you get real data of what's working and what's not and you can iterate much faster versus having to guess and take random shots to get views. Unless you have a really broad product and like you're doing DTOC like Neurogum for example, they have almost in-house affiliates. You just see creators and they have another like 100,000 on Tik Tok shop and they were doing it maybe nine plus figures. But Neurogum kind of is for everyone, you know, so they really only just care about views and maybe paid doesn't work for them as well. So this is why I'm saying like really take this with a grain of salt and see if it applies to you. I think that's what a lot of people don't do. But if you're thinking about really like conversions and that's an important point for you and then scalability like paid is probably the answer because you get so much more data so much faster with this format. Does it matter? Again, it doesn't scale for me because in order for me to get this to scale, like I'd have to hire 2, three, 400 creators who kind of would be doing that exact same style over and over again, manage them. Like it just it's a lot more work. Let's talk about some like bad stuff. This company called PrepAI, I think they started with this like Nicole spam account. They're doing two or three different types of skits and it's like it's causing a lot of people to see that at least in some of the group chats that I'm in and be like, "Oh, we should do similar." And people are coming to me and being like, "We should do similar." And I think like this should be squashed immediately. Kind of for anyone listening, I think they're trying anything and everything to get views. Not only is it legal, it's also just like a bad look and kills the rest of the consumer subscription industry cuz then it's like you're using shady marketing tactics to try to get people's money. It also ends up being part of the culture of a company usually. So, if you find yourself like copying stuff early on, it's fine. In this case, like this company straight up copied word for word our onboarding, the colors, the buttons, every single detail, and then they started copying viral formats and making it seem like this user actually landed a job. So, one format that has been working, oh, I landed a job finally. It's like war is over. And this format was going viral. It was a good format. And it makes it seem like they are actually landing a job. And then in the comments, that's where they convert. So they get kind of a lot of people to go, you know, like shout out to Prep AI and they're converting people in the comments. And then people are coming in, use my code for Prep AI. So the comments are really moderated. The video has nothing to do with like converting people. It's a Trojan horse to like get comments and engagement and then convert people in the comments. The fact that she's lying and acting as somebody else, like this is definitely illegal. There's another format that they're running right now. There's another one where it's like, I just landed a job. It was AI. And like H&R Block is commenting like 100% when found by the right person, they will get in a lot of trouble. People in the comments now are like catching on to that and as soon as more people catch on, they're just like this is psychotic. So another thing that they're doing is like they were running like recording that they were getting either fired or accepting a job offer. So it's like they would put their phone down and they would record themselves getting a job offer and then in the comments they would be like, "I got it from Prep AI." What they did is like copy viral videos really well. So they grabbed viral videos of people landing jobs. And some of the creators we worked with too, they were like, "Holy [ __ ] like this was my real like layoff video or my real job offer acceptance video and they copied word for word." I actually know someone who made a real job acceptance video and it wasn't for a brand or anything and then someone else ripped it. >> That's what's happening right now. It's very illegal. It looks like they've started to take it down thankfully. Looks like they got called out for it. >> The commenting strategy is pretty interesting though. How would you use that? >> I would never. I don't agree with like I'm here to build this company for a very long time and make it a really big company, build it for 10 plus years and so I just won't do any of that stuff. It doesn't matter if it fits the difference between like a hund00 million a year or $200 million a year. I'm not going to do it >> for sure. Yeah, definitely. Cool. What do you think about indie hackers? >> Yeah. I guess I got back to this thing. Yeah. I just think that people should be thinking bigger. Indie hackers are really like negative people overall. Like, oh, this person built this app and they're making so much money. It's so easy. It's luck. It's all this stuff. It's like no, a lot of people just kind of like push really hard and like figure out what to do. One example is Headway. Did you hear about Headway? Headway is this app that gives you 15-inute book summaries, $2 to $300 million a year, 30% margins and two times year-over-year growth on straight paid on performance marketing on paid ads. And it's a simple app. I don't know that it necessarily solves any painful problem. It's not like, oh, I have this thing every day. I wish I could summarize this book every single day and read a 15-inute summary. Like, no one's asked for that. But they kind of just kept pushing and figured out paid ads arbitrage to scale to $200 to $300 million. kept pushing and pushing and pushing and pushing. They were bootstrapped the whole way, by the way. You just got to keep pushing in the right direction. It's hard for a lot of people. The success stories that you hear on here, you know, like, I got to 3 million MR in like 6 months. Like, okay, that happens very rarely. For most people, it's more difficult, but you can still get an insanely cool outcome. And I think Lee hackers like kind of kill that cuz they just keep moving on project after project after project. I I even blocked Peter levels on on this thing because of that because it seems like they just are totally against these bigger companies like no, find your time. I'm like, "No, like if you've got a good product and people are paying like 50k a month for it with one person on the team, like some basic bootstrap, like some UGC stuff and it's like working, scaleit out of it. Like figure it out. You can turn that into 500k a month. You can turn that into 5 million a month probably." I feel like the indie hacker persona is very technical. Like you it's all about building the product and then it's not as much about marketing. I mean, there's a lot of Twitter indie hackers and they sell like proumer SAS. How do they grow it? They just like post on Product Hunt and post on Twitter basically to other indie hackers like in a way. Do you feel like the difference between I guess the indie hacker persona and what you're more of a fan of is like the focus on marketing and iterating on distribution strategies and tactics rather than iterating on product ideas. It's a good question. Look, I think if you care about your product and your users, you'll figure out how to tell people about it. And so maybe what's happening is they're building products they don't really believe in too much. Is like I've seen a lot of the projects that a lot of people are working on. It's like what? like you're just launching stuff. It's just like literally throwing spaghetti at a wall. But my point is like there should be a bar for quality right now. And I think the bar for quality and just like giving ait about your product and your marketing like if you give about it, you'll figure it out. There's not like a skill set for marketing. I think for me, I hate marketing and I see people that are very natural at it, but I care about my product. I care about our users deeply. I care about the problem that I'm solving. It's personal for me. I'll find any way to tell people about it. And now it feels really natural cuz I'm just like, wow. Like I really believe in this thing. I'm just telling people about it. just finding ways to tell people about it and get it to use it and when they come they like love it. They're landing jobs. It's amazing. It's the coolest rush of dopamine ever. So, I would say that like just give a [ __ ] about what you're building. Give about your users and I think that will naturally translate into you figuring out how to tell more people about it. That's really good advice. I feel like that kind of relates to choosing markets too, right? Like what you're kind of saying is be passionate about your product. Your product should be an extension of your beliefs and experiences and like your genuine conviction. Do you also think strategically about like okay I'm going to go after this like yes this is an extension of me but also I care about the LTV and like the size of my and stuff like that. I have anxiety every single day because I think about disrupting us my company what makes us grow. What are we missing? You can work really hard and work 12 hours a day 996 whatever and do it on the wrong stuff and like you'll get to an okay outcome but if you just kind of slightly changed the stuff that you were working on you could maybe 10x or 100x that outcome. Sometimes it's a market change. Sometimes it's a demographic change, but you really should be thinking about like who wants our product, who will pay the most amount of money for it, what do they want, and what is that something? Is it your product that like really we should be thinking more about like build something people want? So, one example I'll give is like, you know, we can even go to sensor tower here and I'll show you the the note-taking apps. All right, so they're doing like it says like 100K over here, maybe combining these two with like 170K downloads and they're targeting a younger audience and then you have like answers AI. I don't know if they're dead or what, but like I haven't seen them while like so they're like probably 10 15k MR and then all of a sudden you get to an even older audience, Minutes AI, and they're doing 30k downloads and 300k a month. And you know what I mean? Turbol I think is doing a tremendous amount more views, like 170k downloads. They're just targeting an older audience and they're making three times more money with like 1/5 or 16th the amount of downloads. So there's a huge lesson in there. Like if you just literally like for them it's the same freaking app just targeted towards a different audience. consumer example is like Master School. It's like a random boot camp that services mainly German students. So, they were doing decent, right, at like $50 million a year. Took them a while to get here, too. And then immediately they tripled in like in a quarter. And what changed? They had this thing called Maestro. This is actually not the product. This is like a a funnel to get you to apply to their boot camp. But I think they figured out a way to give a lot of people scholarships. And they leverage that with this explosion of like now vibe coders who like, oh, I can build stuff. All those people who are like, I want to build stuff, but I actually have the gap of not knowing what to what to do. They now found out about Maestro. And they're like, holy [ __ ] I can get 100% off. It's like completely free, but wants a real degree. And their parents like this is insane. And you can get 100% scholarship. Of course, their revenue tripled. You know what I mean? Like this is an obvious kind of thing that meets the product that meets the market exactly where it needs to be. And then when you see that tweet of like this is their AI launch, three times revenue in less than a quarter. That was one small change. So this is what I'm constantly looking for. And it's an uncomfortable thing cuz it feels like you're chasing this like is this it? Is this going to make us more money? But it's important cuz it can really make the difference. You can make an impact for yourself, for your company, for the people around you, for your users. Always take shots on goal. What is the AI pivot? Previously, what they were doing is they were they had boot camps, I think mainly for software engineers and then they would try to place them at companies. This is mainly a marketing positioning because when you first go here, like you think it's like, oh, like this is the AI product and like what do you want to do? What do you want to be? Like there are a few options like so mainly now software engineer building nextgen apps. Awesome. Pretty much every answer you answer here will lead you to this call to action. So this is the main product. >> And then do they make money on the scholarships or is it like government paying or >> most likely guess they're probably getting money from the government. They figured out a way to get money from the government. I remember like a company like Main Street did this with R&D tax credits. Um and they figured out how to get free money from the government and then they just had a lot of people sign up. A lot of companies sign up and they you know killed it for like a year or two until the government closed that loophole. So might be something similar that's happening here. I just like how you funnel hack everything. You're going through maestro and you're like, "Oh, I haven't signed up yet." What's your mindset when you're funnel hacking? Like, what would the takeaway be for you for for Maestro? Research competitors and spy on their competitors and get stuff and you'll spend 90% of your day researching. Like, just go do and try it out on your own. Like, get the main idea behind why you think their thing worked and then take it back to your own company and take a bunch of shots and and then keep trying to figure it out. At least that's what I do. Let's say someone's at like five figure MR and they're trying to get it to six and they're kind of in this research loop. When you're at that stage, what is the thing that you just pure execution? You just got to go do that thing. Pricing changes, UGC content, whatever you have energy for and whatever you think you can do. Like there's going to be stuff that you really want to do and that is like feels like a shiny little object and you're like, "Oh my god, they just reached 5 million MR with this one hack." Like no. And it worked for them for a very specific reason that you don't know why and you can't scale. I'll give you the bumps of what it was for us. We doubled our revenue from pricing changes. We increased revenue 50% by doing ads in a specific way. But all that stuff came from 80% of stuff that didn't work and it came together almost like not on purpose. Like I didn't know what would work and I was just trying it and now I know why it works and I know how to scale it and I know like oh I know exactly the path to a million MR. Some people see UGC and they have this anxiety like I really want to do it. It's what's going to bring me from five to six figures to seven figures MR but they don't post any videos. That's 90% of people probably they don't post a single video or they don't hire a single creator or they don't work with a single influencer because they're scared, they're anxious. That's actually such good advice for like like a lot of entrepreneurs. I mean, I think people get super stuck and just researching endlessly. That makes sense. Like if you just spend all that time executing and then failing 80% of the time, then you would reach the the answer. Sometimes you just got to lock in and like just get conviction on your own thing. Like stop reading other people's stuff, not your story. Yeah. >> Well, so what was the strat? What did you try to copy? working with influencers on a monthly retainer basis. I think we got killed by lack of conversions. Like we could do views, but we got killed. We chose the right influencers versus for us like how many of those people are actively applying for jobs, white collar jobs. >> That's a good lesson. It's just it's not every tactic is going to work. Thanks so much. This is a great episode. >> Yeah, it was fun. Appreciate you, man. >> All right, one more fun fact to finish off this video. Did you know Superwell, the payw wall company, their employees that work at the company, actually use their own product with their own mobile app? So, a lot of the employees of Superwall actually are founders and they're building apps, including this guy, for example. He works at Superwall. He's an iOS dev, but he also has an app that's making $19,000 a month. He's also a member of Consumer Club. But yeah, Superwall sponsors this podcast. We have a bunch of other cool interviews with founders. Check them out on the YouTube channel.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [26/28] My App Makes $600k/Year Using This Easy Growth Strategy (copy me)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si3HzkBTPl4
Duration: 55:05
Words: 11,129

This accidentally viral Tik Tok video made these engineers $600,000 a year with their app. >> We discovered this one format we call the feed in. For some reason, it was just like I hacked the Instagram algorithm. >> The crazy thing is to me they replicated the same exact video 300 times and it's still working for them. So while everyone else is getting caught up in the hamster wheel of chasing the latest trends, these three guys cracked the code that most marketers would kill for how to go viral on demand. and they've used a skill going viral to pull more than 300 million views, over a million app downloads, and they've built a multiple sixfigure business all from their basement. So, you said you estimate this one format, you've posted multiple times, and it's gotten over 200 million views. I would say potentially even 300 million. >> The funniest part is that they're not even marketers, they're engineers, and they stumbled into something that shouldn't work, but does. >> We were like, are we going viral somewhere? Like, what's happening? Turned out we just had a bug and everyone opening the app was getting hit by and overnight that was just our biggest boost probably like 25% for us. So in this interview with Peter the app's co-founder we're going to uncover exactly what they discovered and find out what makes this strategy so powerful to the point that they're still using it years later. Hopefully this will change how you think about content creation and viral app growth. And for those who don't know, this interview is brought to you by Superwall, the all-in-one platform for paywall management and revenue analytics for your mobile apps. Let's get into it. Yeah. Why don't you tell us about your app? >> Yeah. So, we've been running Stronger Now for probably two and a half to three years. I founded out it with one of my best friends from back in back in secondary school actually. Um and then my brother as well. We bootstrapped it. We were initially a hardware business actually. Completely different idea. Um ended up pivoting towards this. I went off into management consulting. Had to kind of put Stronger on hold for a bit. But while that was going on, my co-founder Jack kept growing it. And eventually we just kind of took off on Tik Tok. Ended up doing really great there. I think we were one of the first apps to kind of start using Tik Tok marketing particularly organic. And back then like it was great. You know, vibe coding wasn't a thing. You know, you had no competition. So we quickly ended up going up the charts which for a workout tracking app was uh quite impressive I feel given how saturated the industry is. And even now, like I don't know why anyone would go and make a workout tracker because, you know, you can vibe code it up in two, three days. So, we've been building that out for yeah, I'd say two and a half to three years now and starting to look to begin to expand our portfolio and have other consumer apps as well. >> That's awesome. I want to dig in really deep into the into the viral Tik Tok stuff, but yeah, can you give us some like highle stats on how the apps are doing? >> Yeah, I think we've probably got 1.2 two million users I would guess on stronger at this point ARR around about 600,000. Our biggest market would be US, but in terms of penetration, still the UK. So, we've got a lot of room to grow. Um, particularly in the US, that's kind of where where you want to focus next. And then we just launched our second app there maybe a couple of weeks ago. Um, which is a gamified focus app. So, that's going to be an interesting one for us. It's like the Forest app meets Farmville. >> Super interesting. So, like a million users and 600K ARR. That feels like a lot of revenue for for the users. Like do you think the gamification has something to do with that? >> Definitely. Whenever we first started it, I feel like our monetization was really bad. Um we weren't active on Twitter back then. We didn't really know any other founders. We kind of just stumbled upon let's build a workout app and we really didn't know what we were doing in terms of monetization. We didn't have best principles put in place and our LTB per user was super low. Over time, we've used tools, you know, such as Super Wall, for example, to be able to AB test and actually optimize that LTV per user. And at the end of the day, your category defines what your macro limit is in terms of LTV per download. Like, we are a workout tracker. Our value prop is against a pen and paper. You know, if it was a workout planner, our value prop will be against personal trainer. You can charge more. I think by AB testing, we've been able to improve monetization a lot to the point where in terms of workout trackers, we're probably one of the best at monetizing per user. >> Okay, so that now we just added more stuff to to the agenda. I want to go into payw walls, uh viral Tik Toks, but first let's like what what is the app? What is stronger? >> So stronger is a gamified workout tracker. Think Straa, but for strength tracking. It allows you to compare your physique to other people with the same body weight as you. You can see if you have elite chest muscles, novice legs, and also see what your friends have been doing in the gym. So, we like to think of it as the social media for the gym as well. >> That's awesome. I love the whole category of like Strava 4X. I've seen your guys Tik Toks. I think I saw them more than a year ago. It was the first time I they just popped on my feed. And this thing that you're showing right here, like this uh kind of like the anatomy diagram with all the different colors. It's super eye-catching. How did you come up with that? >> Yeah, I remember it's probably like six or seven years ago now. I remember seeing a Twitter thread with a web app where you could put in, you know, your bench press, your squat, whatever, and it would spit out your performance metrics. And I remember thinking, "No way, that's so cool." and it was a super viral thread, but there was nobody doing it on a mobile app. And whenever we were doing the workout tracker at the time, we were talking to we we didn't go down the investment route, we got a lot of grant funding from government agencies back in Northern Ireland and whenever we did like our startup pitches, everyone always says, "Don't go down the workout tracking app sector. You're just going to be a commodity. It's hard to stand out." But we had this real insight that what if we actually were to quantify how strong people were and enable them to assign some sort of status to their strength. So no longer would you be telling people, oh, I can bench, you know, 100 kg for, you know, five reps and be met with blank stare. You could say, I'm actually an elite lifter because this is what this translate to on the heat map. is really trying to think of something that makes it easier to visualize that progress and people can be proud of. Um, so that's why we decided to implement it. It was kind of our way to stand out in the crowded market and it was also going to be like our main marketing asset, too. >> That's cool. Yeah, I was about to say like it makes for a cool product, but then the heat map is also just visually it's so eye-catching and it looks really good on Tik Tok slideshows and like Instagram real slideshows. show some of the results that you've gotten w with this format cuz I know you've posted this specific format a bunch of times and it does like really well. >> Yeah. So, we discovered this one format we call the fade in. It's about 6 seconds long. Just fades in from black and shows an image. And we discovered that for some reason it was just like I hacked the Instagram algorithm. Watch time was crazy. Like I think the average watch time on some of our videos was over double that of the video length, which suggests the average person actually watches it twice. And the the format's kind of getting faded out a little bit now. Like once you find a winning format and start spamming it, it's always going to go that way. But we were able to get I would guess it's probably between 150 to 200 million views at least from it. We have a couple of videos hit 40 million. Um, I'd have to scroll down quite far to be able to find them. But like, for example, there's >> Oh, there's one 143,000 likes. So, that the views on that must be like, yeah, multiple millions. >> And at the end of the day, the conversion ends up being quite low for it. But when it's so easy to go viral with it, it's a a no-brainer for us. It's the kind of thing that takes me maybe like a couple of hours each week to schedule content for, I build internal tooling to be able to help us with producing things like this. And then once you just find that format, it's a matter of how quickly can you horizontally scale it because if you find a winner that goes super viral once, chances are it will go super viral again and again if you hit enough. You take the bat. >> So you said you estimate this one format you've posted multiple times and it's gotten in aggregate like over 200 million views over all the videos that you posted. >> Yeah, I would say potentially even 300 million. I've never added it up, but like I know two, three months ago we did 100 million view month with it and I've been doing it for like five, six months and it is slowing down now. It definitely has. >> Yeah. >> So then in the beginning like once you found that first format, what did you what do you do with that? Like what does horizontal scaling look like for you guys? >> I think we weren't very good at horizontal scaling at the start. We discovered quite a few different formats which worked super well. you know, Tik Tok slideshows, the feedins, and at first we just posted it a few times and we thought, no, we don't want to, you know, spam everyone's feeds with stuff like, let's just do it a few times. And we thought that it wouldn't work to have, you know, five accounts posting the exact same content. But it was actually one of our competitors opened our eyes to it. Um, I don't like them, but I really respect them. But they really scaled their revenue just by copying this format. And whereas we had you know one two accounts posting uh these guys were ripping like maybe 10 accounts um and quite quickly I seen their download volume starting to really ratchet up and that was a bit of an eye openener for me um because one I felt like we were being more creative and coming up with you know the cool ideas but at the end of the day that doesn't matter to the market that if someone else can find a way to get that scene you know to do to take whatever you come up with and do 10 iterations of it um they're ultimately going to win. So that was a bit of an eye openener for us and we started to think about okay once we've got one in format how can we make this replicable um how can we AB test it to optimize it and get it better you know how can we get that average watch time up from say 6 seconds to 9 seconds through a very scientific testing process and then build out internal tooling to allow us to do so and then also your distributions so whether that's talking to reposters doing it yourselves having burner forms whatever >> so When you say 10 accounts, are you literally posting the same exact video, all the different accounts? Like, is that what your competitor did or you tweaking the video a little bit each time? Cuz I feel like if you post the same exact video, some people have said that that kind of hurts the engagement if Tik Tok sees it's like literally the same thing. >> No, I think the key is to do micro adjustments, but um AI makes that very easy to do. Um, you can find one hook and you can just change a couple of words from it. You could change, for example, with this image here, you could change it to light mode background. It's a fully new video. AI won't detect that at all. So, there's lots of different ways you can do a similar video without it being exactly the same. And I think that's where tools like Figma come into place. You know, you can have different iterations where maybe you change the legend, maybe you change the background. Um, you change a few different words in the hook and it then becomes a new video and the algorithm wouldn't categorize it as spam. >> Interesting. And do you think you should use the same sound for all these or are you like following trending sounds too and using them to like pick up on trends? >> We've mostly used the same sound. I think it becomes quite recognizable. It's almost like a brand sound at this point. It's like a silly let me know song by Future that um we use for it. I think you could probably look for more viral sounds, but overall particularly on Instagram, I don't think viral sounds are all that important. I think Tik Tok they have a lot more relevance, but in my experience, I've never found the sound to be make or break on Instagram. >> So, is there a formula for going viral? because you said, you know, you're sort of you guys were sort of the pioneers in making the format and then your competitors copied and it seems like when people copy you, they're kind of late to the game, right? So, you've already extracted a lot of the value out of it by showing it to people on the for you page for the first time and then when they copy, it's just not as effective. Well, I feel like being in your position is actually better, but what is maybe you can give us some of the sauce like how do you how do you actually like invent these ideas, these like viral ideas? >> I think good content does one of two things. It either educates our entertains. For us, we kind of try to think bucket it into those two areas. And for our entertain thing, it's very much Jim Bro humor. Like I show a lot of people who, you know, aren't our target market this content and they're like, "How on earth did this get that many views, like million views, it's just not good. It's not funny. It's brain raw." And I'm like, "It is, but people engage with it." Some people find it funny. And on the educate side of things, I try to think what's actually useful. What would people want to see here? What would make someone click save on a slideshow? So, for example, that could be workout tips, you know, more scientific at like a very specific kind of level and that could be applied to lots of different verticals because I think the entertaining branch is harder to do. I think you need to have a little bit of flare or at least beyond Tik Tok to kind of know what the humor is on those platforms. And I don't think anybody can do that, but I think on the educate side of things, everybody can. It literally just is an AB test. How good's the hook for this? How good's the content? How many people are saving this, sharing it? And you can apply that to any vertical. It could be, you know, finance tips, you know, it could be five ways I cut my calories down. Things which are super specific, replicable, again, you could get an AI to do a lot of that sort of stuff. And if you do enough iterations and test each time to say, "Okay, the hook performed better here than it did in the previous one. This audio was better. You know, this angle worked really well." Eventually, you will converge upon a winning format if you just keep looking at watch time and engagement rates. >> You're Yeah, sounds like you're super deep in the analytics. Do you also just scroll a lot? Like, are you like what does your for you page look like? >> Yeah, it really depends upon which phone I'm using. Um, that's been the interesting thing with starting a second app because it's a completely different target market. I try to constrain my view into what I imagine our target market would engage with. So for me that means just liking Jim Bro stuff, seeing if there's a new influencer coming up. Um, you know, what's trending in that specific market? And sometimes I see a video that I'm like, "Oh, I find that funny." And I have to think, would the average, you know, 20-year-old gym bro find this funny? And if it's not, I try to quickly swipe up on it to keep that FIP specific to our um ideal customer profile there. >> You're like method acting. You're like becoming your your customer. That's really cool. I love I love that approach. So you said education versus entertainment and you said that entertainment is actually more difficult to do because you have to follow these trends. >> But then it's weird because I hear a lot of people say you just go viral with entertainment content, it doesn't actually convert. Clearly that's not true with you guys. You're converting really well and you're getting 600k ARR from these reels. So, do you ever do education content or is it just pure entertainment and you're converting people off of the the logo like with the app store logo right there where you say the name of your app? >> Mostly entertainment. I think education is an area where we could do a lot better in and where our focus will likely be going soon because I think entertainment attracts a certain crowd is the younger you know Gen Z crowd. I think if you want to go for a more profitable market to say you know 25 plus lifters they are going to be wanting more educational kind of based things. You look at the biggest consumer apps, what they put out. I look at, for example, Runna, Londonbased company, and like a lot of their content is, you know, motivational, but also very educational, too. And they've built a phenomenal brand and just rocketed it up the charts. And I think they're kind of what we aspire to in the fitness scene. >> Interesting. Can we look at their account? >> I think they mostly post via their influencers. So, their main account is Oh, it is actually quite big. I think it's mostly they've grown via their influencers, but they'll do different workout routines for each influencer and they're all quite professional runners. >> Types of videos do you like the best from Runna? >> I think I seen some of their slideshows, but I don't know if I'll be able to find them because they were advert slideshows. So, I don't know if I can find them search >> like really draws you to them like what makes you aspire to kind of their their content. I think for them it's quite similar to there's a British clothing brand called Represent which does very well and what they do is they sell a lifestyle. I think that's what brands like Runner Represent do incredibly well. Whether that's the founders themselves leading the lifestyle, whether that's brand ambassadors leading it, you know, going out, eating clean, doing a lot of running. And I think content which shows them living that lifestyle and being fulfilled and having a real sense of community is what works super well. I think that's something which we lack with stronger. I think having like branded events and stuff like that is just incredible. It's a lot harder to do when you're bootstrapped and you know a threeperson team. But I think if you can nail that sense of community, you almost have your own army of people creating content for you who tell their friends, but you know, oh, I'm going to this meet up, you know, I'm going to this running thing, whatever. And I think the lifestyle content is what helps create that. It's all very aesthetically towed, different ambassadors which target different niches. You know, you might have one ambassador that's more for hybrid athletes, you know, who actually like, you know, lift weights. Some people for like more long distance and I think that's the way a lot of the market's going to go where you have hyper specific niches and people who can like relate to their content within that vertical. So rather than the brand try to appeal to everybody, the brand has like their set of values. They have ambassadors under that and each ambassador can kind of hyperarget one specific niche. And that way the brand doesn't have to have 10 different brand strategies in place. Each ambassador can have their different brand strategy. And even there's workout apps like ladder do that as well incredibly well. Different workout types, different target markets. And I think that's what separates some of the bigger players in the market. You know, those doing, you know, a few million a month versus those doing, you know, say 50k a month. That's an insight that I feel like most consumer app founders are not even aware of at all. Like the the concept of building a brand that people really love because that's how you get the ambassadors. Like I feel like people do it in the opposite direction where they're like, "Okay, we have an app. Okay, now how do we get 100 ambassadors?" And then they cold email 10,000 people. Then like if if you don't have something that's like cool or relevant, then it's so it's just so much more uphill to get those people to just really love your brand and just want to work for it. Is that what you're saying? Like you're basically like you have to be a cool brand like that leans into lifestyle in order to get those ambassadors. >> Yeah, I think so. And I think the quality of ambassadors is so much more important than quantity. looking on Twitter now, you see so many people who are like spamming influencers, you know, and like you maybe do like a one-off deal with them. Um, that works out, it might not work out, but you see a lot of other apps are doing super well and they tend to have, you know, three to four ambassadors who pull in most of the heavy lifting. If you can find the right ambassador and find terms which work for them, it's it's just a parole principle like um you need to just identify which one of those are actually going to build your brand, who actually has an engaged community and move away from that kind of spray and prey approach to very targeted, a clear brand definition and a reason for why that ambassador has a synergy with your brand. I feel like that goes Yeah, it's very very high level. Like I think a lot of people are when they're getting that first 10, 20, 50k a month uh and revenue game sort of is just brute forcing it and seeing how many users you can reach. But are you doing the brand first approach for your new app as well or are you going to kind of brute force it like you did with with Stronger with the reels? >> It's an interesting question. I think to start with it'll be a little bit of brute force until we can identify who this actually resonates with. We have an hypothesis of who it resonates with, but right now we don't know if that's actually going to be the case. It could be that you know our data shows actually it's not students use this the most. It's people who are nostalgic for Farmville because it does have that kind of art aesthetic and in which case we would then want to revisit our brand and say like okay how does this change things for us? Ultimately, there's kind of two ways to build a company. One, you can either define your brand and then hope that people resonate with that where you're very like visionary. It's almost like Steve Jobs at Apple back then like he was like, "No, I know what the consumer wants the consumer doesn't know." Are two where you have a relatively malleable product to start with um and you start to see who it resonates with and then you start to ship your brand in collaboration with the audience who it resonates with most at that time. >> Gotcha. That's that's really interesting. I want to learn more about how this makes money. Do you have payw wall screens or um screenshots or or anything that you could that we could look at? >> Yeah, I could probably let me let me just check. I'm not sure how much I can go into on it, but um probably not the dashboard of it, but I could show a couple of payw walls. >> What I would say about our payw wall strategy is we don't do anything that fancy over time. we've got a lot better at monetization, but I think the main variable that's changed is how often we show a payw wall and also how hard that payw wall is. I think it's quite easy to get bogged down in, oh, what if I change, you know, the work from get stronger faster to lock your workout faster and people think that's going to make a meaningful difference. It's just not. I think it's much more important to spend time looking at the macro level. You know, one, how many times do people actually see this pay wall? Which features is it attached to? does it line up with the feature messaging and that's much more meaningful rather than testing like the small changes especially we get a lot of volume but in order to actually get a meaningful statistical data coming through on a micro change like that it's going to take like a couple of months I think people do like run the experiment for you know a week and are like oh this one had you know 2% difference and they don't realize that's just standard deviations like you actually need to have an awful lot more volume coming through for that to be statistically significant Which is why I think particular in the early days just focus on the macro things which is what Superwal is great at doing. You know you can test a video one you can test a multi-stage payw wall you can test you know something which has more of like your app based stuff in it. And I think that's the way we approach it. We try to do more macrobased changes and then once you find a macro winner then you can kind of narrow in and start doing some of those microcopy changes but I think people are too quick to go on to the micro level. What's the biggest macro change you made that you feel like big difference? >> Moving to a hard pay wall. Weaver premium for ages and it worked quite well. I think the main challenge that we had there was if you can give people an excuse to not pay, they won't. We accidentally turned the app into a hard payw wall. One time we forgot to change a toggle or something like that. My brother runs the payw wall designs and um all of a sudden our phones were just like pinging. It was on New Year's Eve. I remember we were playing a game of Monopoly at the time and we were like, are we going viral somewhere? Like what's happening? Turned out we just had a bug and everyone opening the app was getting hit by a hard pay wall and it really couldn't go to work unless they paid. But it was only for a couple of hours and at that point we were like if putting a hard payw wall actually leads to so many more people converting, we didn't have that many complaints ever. Um shouldn't we just go for hard payw wall from the start? So now we do still have free functionality but in order to access that you have to have started a like a free trial and if you cancel it then you can see the free version after your trial expires. That's still a premium model there. But we make people opt in and actually try out pro first and overnight that was just our biggest boost probably like 25% for us. It seems quite obvious but it was a tough decision because it does reduce your K factor like the number of people that actually share the app with their friends. And to be honest with you we don't even measure that. We probably should have that better instrumented, but I think it has been a winner for us overall. >> Interesting. Is is that viral share loop and K factor actually a a part of your strategy at all? I feel like subscription apps, it's always like pretty hard to K factor there. >> Yeah, agreed. I don't think I think if we were still a free app, K factor would be on the radar. The reason being the social network would become much more powerful if you have all your friends on it. But nobody sends a paid app to their friends says oh you should get this so we can see each other's list. It's just not going to happen. So for us it was quite a big branching product strategy. It was like do we go down the route of fully premium in which case you would want to incentivize getting as many people as possible or do you decide to go down the you know hard pay wall route. Yeah, that makes sense. I wanted to ask you about your product decisions. I think you take a very unique approach to this where it seems like a lot of the like the product itself has a lot of inherent virality on social media like it looks really good the reals and the Tik Tok. How intentional are you about designing the product with growth in mind? >> Our team actually doesn't have any designers on board. None of us have any design experience. My co-founder Jack does most of the design stuff and it was him came up with the bright colors and stuff for the strength score heat map. I think over time we've just kind of picked up better principles by studying what other apps do how that looks. But we have always tried to think how does this look as a screenshot because ultimately it's those screenshots are what make us money. Tik Tok slideshows carousels is our bread and butter even more so than that Instagram feed in format. I think that is has always been like a fairly defining bit of our product decisions. Even like we do weightlifted milestones. So we add up all the volume you've ever lifted. So you might get a badge to say you've lifted the Empire State Building R a Boeing 747 and we try to make that as cool looking as possible and then we can kind of showcase that in our social media marketing too. It is always in the back of the mind. How much curiosity will this invoke in people? And also, is it obvious when you take a screenshot what it is? Because that is the one criticism I have of our feed in format. Quite often people don't realize it's actually from a workout tracker. Um, we've added the app logo there to try and make it, you know, a little bit more obvious, but I think if it was to be more obvious and it was like a screenshot, it would perform better in terms of conversion. Maybe less in terms of virality, but in terms of conversion, certainly a lot better. So you have the heat map and then you also have the uh total volume lifted. Then you also have the ranks, right? Like it it looks like uh competitive gaming ranking system with badges and stuff like that, right? Do you have that a big part of the the Tik Tok strategy too? >> A little bit, but not that much. It's more of an evolution of the heat map where we decided to add a rank alongside each aspect. And we weren't actually the first to do that. That was one of our competitors. They'd copied the strength score, but they kind of evolved it and went down the full gamification route. It was like League of Legends for the gym, which was such a great insight to see. They just went down one hyper specific niche and ended up performing brilliantly because of it. I think we were probably trying to do too many things. We want to, you know, have the social worker app, but also gamify it, but also give you a lot of good stats. And I think by just choosing one thing you can have a lot of clarity on your like Tik Toks which you produce which they did. So they ended up with those ranking systems and now we have it in place as well. It's not as core of a feature to us. We don't want to overly gamify it because I think that kind of system resonates very strongly in like the 15 to 23 year old age category. I think beyond that it starts to look a little bit goofy and ultimately it's 30 year olds are where the money is. Um if you can get like a 30 to 40 market that's much better. So you want to have a little bit of gamification but don't make it too childish. At least that's our thesis behind how we approach it. >> That's a really good insight. Yeah because I feel like a lot of people would just copy because they see a feature and they see oh this app is making money. I'm just going to copy that feature. But that feature exists because they're appealing to a certain market. And if you implemented that, you might push away your older users, which is who you're trying to attract. So, yeah, that makes sense. Did we forget to look at your Tik Tok? Were we looking at your your IG most of the time? >> We've got a few Tik Toks floating around. >> So, is your Tik Tok and Instagram strategy different? >> Yeah, pretty much completely different. Um, it's my brother mostly handles this page. This is our main account and it's all just two to three slide carousels which perform really well for us. Um I think historically this has probably been a lot higher converting than Instagram. In the past year it's probably worked less well just because you got so much competition. You know it's not as novel anymore. Now there's you know 20 workout apps doing the same thing. It's it's a continual race to try and find formats which you can use and you know get first mover advantage of for a while before it's like milk dry. But this is the bread and butter and ultimately where we went viral the very first time and that was what let us get the product kind of launched. >> You went viral on Tik Tok first and then you started Instagram stuff. >> Yeah. So I can remember the day we went viral for the first time. My co-founder Jack was working in a garden center at the time and um the app wasn't ready. It was very basic back then. There was no string score, nothing like that. But the full idea was at the end of the workout we would total up your volume and then we would compare it to a list of different objects. So you might say you deadlifted, you know, 10 Donald Trumps or something like that. It was just little carts which would show up at the end like no images or anything even attached to it. And then we also had this little timeline thing we made in Canva which was where we as you added up things you could see like the Easter Island hedge lifted a Stonehenge slab different things like that. And we did a video kind of panning up that super basic as I said like none of us have any art background. It was all made using Canva assets but he made like a short video while in the bathroom actually at work on like a little break posted it and came back and his phone had just blown up. It was we'd never had anything like it. Like all of a sudden because the app wasn't available, people just started following the page because they were like, "I need this. Like remind me whenever it's out." And we had like maybe 15,000 followers within the first week. The app wasn't ready. We had no coding tools back then. You know, we couldn't vibe it up. Superjack just had to log in for like the next week, two weeks, get it out there. And it was basic, but I think because of the sense of community that came from that one video, people just loved it. We would find people recommending it on like other videos. It's something that we've never really experienced since. I think it was quite unique in that we were first to market there. Not many brands were doing it. People weren't really engaging with, you know, consumer brands on that space, particularly ones which were founder. I think the fact that it was clear the founder had posted it himself and that was really what allowed us to take off. I don't think without that video we'd be where we are today. >> Well, first of all, you guys built the app in less than two weeks. That's so cool. >> No, it it was almost finished. It just needed a lot of like polish. >> But you just finished it. Okay, I see. That's crazy. But then like the video like like the app wasn't even done and you just made a video that showed a viral concept from inside the app, right? And you're just >> Was that feature even finished yet or it was just Canva? >> Still just Canva. Mostly I think it was an early version had just went into the app and I think it had only been I think Jack had coded up maybe 3 4 days before that and so it was still very new. But that was the moment we were like, okay, if we launch this, there is going to be some degree of product market fit. There's going to be a lot of word of mouth for it. And yeah, I just wish we could get that buzz back now. It was incredible to see because whenever we launched, we rocketed up the charts. I think at one point, the highest we ever reached was number three in health and fitness, which was just incredible to see because like, you know, bootstrap back in the day, we didn't know a lot of all the marketing concepts. We didn't know how to monetize stuff. Well, the amount of resources which are available today, you know, you've got Discords, Twitter threads, everything. It just wasn't public back then. You had to hop on calls and actually, you know, talk to consumer finders to try and learn it. I don't think we realize just how lucky it is and how much the industry has changed in the past couple of years. >> Yeah. >> It is almost like drop shipping as people say. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's crazy. So then after your first video, you had all this attention. You you had like thousands of followers and then how do you follow up from that? Like you you build the app, but then if I'm if I'm imagining myself in your shoes, like I would be so scared to post the next video. Like is it going to hit just as as hard as the first one? Like how did you follow up for the first video? So, we got a lot of comments about people saying like, I lifted, you know, I bench pressed 220 pounds for five reps. What is that? And then we would just stitch that video. Um, it was Jack himself was doing it. He would just like record and be like, you've lifted, type it in on it, and then show it his phone up to the camera and it would be like, that's two blue wheels or like that's 500 bowling balls, something random. and people just kept commenting with different random objects. So, we had a series of videos kind of went viral and I'm sure a lot of like the the likes on this Tik Tok page like we've got about 4.9 million there. I'm sure a lot of them probably came from that early stretch of home runs then. >> That's a really good playbook actually. I feel like that could I don't know. Do you feel like that could be done today where the Well, there's a few pieces to that. There's like post the almost like the engagement bait video as the first one and you you show the the concept and it baits people to say, "Hey, what you know uh convert my thing into whatever you know the meme is that you just posted." Then the cool thing about that is like in every single stitch video or reply comment video you do, you can type it in in the phone and then show the thing and if the app name is right there or you mention it somehow, it creates this like infinite loop of content. Do you feel like you could do that today? I think we probably should get back on that. I think it would really resonate today, particularly in the AI world where so much content is, you know, Hicksfield generated videos where like people don't actually know who they're engaging with. If you can see it's actually a person who's spent time to build this app, I think it resonates a lot more and people like that kind of human connection of seeing like, oh, that's kind of a cool app. Like, I wish I could build something like that, too. They respect the journey that you were on to actually build that as well. >> Yeah. So, I think it's also a lot harder for other people to replicate because most people vibe coding out apps don't want to put their face on camera now. Like, if you marketing strategy, it's all faceless stuff. So, that can kind of be your edge. I think it's getting harder and harder to find edges, but being able to show your face and look, you know, presentable on camera is actually a decent one which people should take advantage of more. >> That's so true. talking head videos are still like, yes, there's UGC and yes, it's getting like AI UGC is getting better every week, every month, but you can still look better as a as a human face. Like, there's still I think there's still pretty large alpha gap in just acting like a super normal human on camera and talking and showing the showing the phone and everything. It kind of reminds me of Twitch streaming. like people want to be shouted out on the stream. So, they're like spamming chat, they're doing donations, and then they want to see like the person like interacting with them. And that like human connection is very powerful still. I don't think I've really seen that kind of thing happen on short form as much. I mean, there's short form streaming, too, but you could just do a video series like with the replies like you're saying. That's really that's that's cool. I want to see more people doing that. More more face content on the timeline. But wait, can we look at this? Your first these pinned videos. Are these like some of the early ones too? >> Probably from 2023. Uh, this was back in the David Gogggins kind of era. Who's going to carry >> who's going to >> It's just like a little bit of engagement bit intentionally. You'll see some of the muscles aren't, you know, all elite people will be saying, "Oh, he doesn't like pool day or whatever like that." And it's funny looking at the UI, I can see how much it's changed already. Like even the blur and stuff there. It's actually cool to see how the products evolved since then. >> I like that one because it it's really obvious that it's a app UI. There's like the share to Instagram button. There's like the >> download button. You can kind of see that it's an interface. >> Yeah. No, I think it's super effective. I think people like when content feels authentic. Um, I think if you do remove all those like, you know, share things like that. Yes, it might look a little bit better, but people know it's an advert then. Whereas, if it's an app screenshot, they're like, "Oh, this is actual legit content." Because any self-respecting company would have like removed, you know, all the extra stuff that's not needed there. I think by looking less professional on Tik Tok, you actually perform much better. Like, you shouldn't have overly polished Tik Tok videos. It should look a little bit rough. So, what's your process for finding the next winning format? I know we kind of broke down content strategy in general, but what do you like what are you doing right now to find like to hunt for the next format? >> Look for whatever is working not just within your industry, but in other industries, you know, if there's like a finance tracking app taking off, look at their formats and be like, "Okay, how could I actually reformat this, reskin this, and make it more relevant to the workout niche?" Because in general when you find a format that's working the risk is people just blindly follow the format and then complain like oh it didn't you know work for me I think you have to think of it scientifically and be like okay why did people engage with this and once you know why they engaged with it you know what was it that spoke to them you know what this enable them to learn or to see for themselves they didn't know before kind of break it down then you can kind of reverse engineer it and adapt it to your niche and that might mean it looks very different but until you can understand why a video was went viral. I don't think you can properly replicate it and move across different niches. But that's kind of the way I look at it now. It's seeing what other industries have replicable formats. And by replicable, I mean it's not just like a one-time funny thing. It's like something you can, you know, do 10 iterations of and people would still get value from. And then it's just a matter of try a few ones, see how the watch time evolves. And then you do iterations, test different angles, hooks, and try and see what's your limiting factor there and optimize over time. >> Pretty much tracks with your actual story, too. Like how you found the Twitter original image on Twitter and it wasn't even really for an app like this, but you changed the format enough to translate it into your own industry and then it went viral. you didn't just like screenshot the tweet and then post it somewhere else like kind and I have to reverse engineer like what about this resonated and then take the lessons of that into your own and actually be creative with it. >> At the end of the day, it's like a science. I think people tend to think of content as an art and like something you're either born with or you're not. But I remember when I brought my brother on board, he was like, "Oh, I don't really want to do like Tik Tok content." And I was like, "Trust me, like you'll learn it." and now he just kills it with everything he does. Like he's it just comes naturally to him. If you put in the number of reps and you're intentional about what you're testing, you'll learn it. Like all three of us are engineers, so like we kind of had that scientific testing process drilled into us back at university. And I think subconsciously that's kind of the way we always thought about it. It's like breaking it down into different things, whether that's your hook, your body, like, and then using analytics to see, you know, what actually is the bottleneck here because if your hook's not good, you know, the rest doesn't get seen. It's almost like a funnel. Every piece of content is a funnel in and of itself. And you want to get as many people to, you know, go through the funnel and actually go and end up downloading from the app store. And if you can just do enough experiments to optimize each stage of the funnel on a format which is replicable, you're guaranteed to win. >> That's actually really cool to see that to hear that you guys are all engineers and you just do all the marketing yourself. Like I feel like a lot of people just if they're technical, they're just like, "Oh, it's almost like a limiting belief. They're just like, oh, I'm just not good at marketing, so I'm just going to hire someone to do it." Then like they hire the person to do it and the person's not really embedded into the team. They don't have equity. So a lot of times like sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't but you guys just learned you you turned I mean coding is a science like you just realized that marketing is also a science and it's just another skill that you can learn. Are you still doing all of marketing yourself? I know you said you built some internal tools to automate some stuff but have you hired like marketing people? >> Um pretty much all ourselves right now. Um, we've worked with agencies a little bit before, but I think with agencies the incentives never fully align and you will have good experiences. I just think that from first principles, if one company's using an agency versus one company has it inhouse, the in-house team is always going to win because they're not having to pay, you know, 20% margin there. So, that's kind of the way we think. We want to in-house as much stuff as possible. We would only use an agency if it's to allow us to gain knowledge which we previously don't have or which we believe don't believe we could actually get. I think for most stuff now we've been around. We know most of the you know the tricks of the trade. So you work with a few affiliates, not that many anymore. Mostly ourselves, myself and my brother Joseph do almost all of the content which is going to get challenging now. We have two apps. We're probably going to look to expand the team there. a more structured affiliate program in place, but for now it's almost all us and internal tooling. >> Love to to see that. Yeah, I feel like agencies can work, but like usually you want to outsource your stuff after you figure it out yourself or if you're going to hire an agency, right? You got to kind of instruct them and like the general direction like the strategy because you're you're the one that knows your audience and your product the best. >> You use them more for scaling. when you find something that wins and maybe you haven't got the ops team put in place to be able to say okay let's get this pumped out across you know 50 accounts there's a lot of agencies which are capable of doing that in which case you're happy enough to pay the 20% margin you know the unit economics you know it works and eventually you can inhouse it it just lets you stand up that function quite quickly but in terms of like actually finding a winning format I think you need to do that yourself and it's not to say agencies can't do it they most definitely can it's more that you will understand your audience so much better. You'll make much better product decisions if you're the one that actually gets in the customer's shoes and creates content that resonates with them. >> That's a really interesting point. I'm gonna give a like a 30 secondond rant on agencies now because you made me think about like I know that there's agencies that can do that completely zero to one process where they find you the creators they think of the formats find that like initial winning format essentially hiring like a CMO at that point like or like a marketing co-founder and they're they're doing the job of finding product market fit that job is worth a lot more than the agency fee that you're paying them. So, either scamming them or they're scamming you, right? So, that's why I think that there's very very few people that know how to do the zero to one process of finding like content market fit and don't take equity or decide to just build their own apps because that skill is like extremely valuable. I do know a couple people like that, but they're not like a fully scaled out agency. They'll like specialize in that zero to one and just charge high price for that. So I think if they do have equity it makes a lot more sense. Was it Charlie Munger said I think it was Charlie Munger said show me the incentives and I'll show you the outcome. It might have been it was one of like a it was a very generic quote person but I think that's so true like if the incentives are if they have equity to like grow the equity then it's going to make a lot more sense. If the incentives are to like increase your monthly retainer it's going to be a very different business model and approach. And it's it's just human nature. It's how it works. >> Not to like [ __ ] on agencies or anything. I I had I know a bunch of agency owners and some freelancers and there's a lot of them that are actually really good and I do know like people that specialize in specific things and some people that do like end to end but like you said like you use it to scale once you have something or it's an early investment do a lot of experiments and iterate if they're really willing to like do that with you. At the end of the day, I think distribution is becoming more important than product and just general businesses like advice is never outsource the most crucial thing for you. You need to have some form of control our ability to do it. Otherwise, like what happens if let's say your agency decides, oh, we're actually only dealing with bigger clients. Do you just drop your revenue to nothing? Look, I think that's why it's important to in-house. It's not that people aren't capable of it. It's just that if something is so crucial to your business scaling, I want to have some level of control and investment in it. >> Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. You have some uh interesting opinions on like the app industry because you've seen it for a few years now. So, do you have any takes on like the whole apps with a new drop shipping and do you think AI is really going to make it even more competitive? Like I mean some people say it's a bubble. I don't know. Do you have any like hot takes around the whole like evolution of the consumer app space? >> Thinking back to when we first started, we didn't have any competition for quite some time. Like the strength score, we probably had 12 months where nobody else was doing it. And I wish we'd capitalized more then went in harder. I think like the growth of competition has made us have to work harder to be able to actually continue to scale. I think it definitely has become more challenging to grow a business because at the end of the day like if you come up with a cool feature there's very few features which people can't vibe code up in a week or two. That's one of the reasons we're working on our new app because it's an isometric tile based game. If you try to get clawed or something like that to do it right now it can't. Maybe in a year's time it'll be able to do so, but for now we've got a little bit of a distribution advantage there just because it doesn't understand the mathematics involved with those kind of game engines. My sense is that network effects are going to become more and more powerful because in a world where anyone can code up an app which is hyper specific to your personal needs. So say for example 4 years ago if I went to go to the gym I would have had like maybe a few workout trackers but they were all very generic. Now I think people can make much more specific ones. You can have high rocks training workout tracker. You can have it perfectly adapted to each individual niche which would lend itself towards fragmentation of the overall market. But I think that network effects is kind of your moat against that. If you can find something where each incremental user adds value to the business and to your value prop, then you become more interesting as you scale. Like it's like like d apps for example are us as a workout tracker. If we had, you know, a million people actively posting workouts on social, it's going to be pretty hard for a new competitor to come in as a social workout tracking app because they don't have that network effect advantage. I think that's the way I want to think about the industry in the future. It's where can you actually find remote either technical or social which will prevent people from being able to copy you within one to two weeks or alternately how can you build out internal tools and systems which allow you to mass produce content in ways which your rivals can't see. So, your rivals are going to be able to go on and see your Instagram, see your Tik Tok. They can go on, see your pay walls. They can see everything about you. They can't actually see what tools you have behind the scenes, which allow you to, you know, click one button and all of a sudden you've got like 20 social boosts. That was a gem. That was really interesting. I just Yeah, I feel like that was that was very valuable insight. It's like there's three sounds like you're saying there's three modes. There's like mass distribution which in reality is the tools behind that mass distribution technical mode which is harder to do but it sounds like you're saying games could be of that current frontier where AI has a lot of trouble vibe coding like somewhat complex games that have some kind of backend logic to them. Then network effects where like at the end of the day there's still humans using these products and that's not like just use AI to just fully exploit that. So you have like real humans interacting with each other and adding value to the products. That's interesting. Yeah. >> Coming back full circle to like the branding discussion earlier. I think brand becomes even more important. My sense is also that some apps have actually benefited from the number of copycats which pop up. Like for example, I'll take Cali as the obvious example. If you have somebody makes an app called like Cal's AI or something silly like that, like a very obvious copycat. If someone goes and searches for that app on the app store, who do you think is going to show up number two? Like obviously Cali, and they're going to have so many more review volume, things like that. Like if I'm a user and I see K's AI, which I've just seen an ad for, and I see Cali below it, and one of them has like 100x review volume, I'm going to go for the one which clearly has a lot more social proof there. >> Yeah. >> So, it's almost as if they get free distribution by way of people copying. And I think there's going to be a lot of different examples of that show up where the first mover and the biggest one to go to market. The flood of copycats effectively helps create a new category like Gal is the like food scanning industry and if they can be the category defining player where if you think oh that's the food scanning app people are going to inherently just download it anyway when they see you on Apple search. >> Yeah I love that. That's so interesting. People keep talking about like shortiz competitors now. It's like short was kind of one of the first ones to do the whole like you know multi-account automation thing and now people are launching shortiz competitors and you know some of them are inside consumer club and I find myself even calling them like oh here's a here's a new short competitor but then what am I doing I'm giving more brand awareness to shortize and like no matter like yeah no matter like if it's if it's differentiated and the new one is better in some way like you're still kind of like there is a big f first mover um like brand advantage like you said >> like you're taking a slice of the pie but you're also massively growing the pie and whoever has the biggest slice of the pie is going to benefit more there that's the way I think about it particularly given that you think about it as increasing the radius of the pie like the surface area is going to increase at a much greater rate than you taking that small slice so yeah I think it's been an overall benefit to have so many copycats just like spamming stuff >> and it's very specific to industries that might not be the case in all industries. Like there are some shameful copycats out there, but it's just the way of it now. It's part of the game. Just have to deal with it. >> Yeah. >> Like it used to really frustrate me and it still does sometimes when I say it, but I think I've just got used to I'm like, "Oh, cool. Have they done anything novel?" And if they have done something cool, I'm like, "Oh, cool. I'm going to pinch that back." >> That's awesome. Yeah. Um, cool. This was awesome. Thanks so much for all the insights. I learned a lot. Yeah, thanks very much for having me. It's been very enjoyable. >> By the way, Peter's a member of Consumer Club. This is the online community that I run for consumer app founders. He has been in the club for a few months now and has been contributing his knowledge and learning from other founders in Consumer Club. So, just wanted to give a quick shout out to Peter. Thanks for being a member of Consumer Club and a user of Superwall, the sponsor of this podcast. Check out the YouTube channel as well. There's a lot more interviews that we're posting in the coming weeks and months.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [27/28] this ai study app makes $100k/mo. here's how (no-code)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdbimhZjm7k
Duration: 25:44
Words: 5,290

Today we're taking a look at how Julian Alvarez built Jungle, an AI study app doing 80K to 100K in MR, but his story is nothing like what you've heard before. His path to get to that spot will challenge almost everything you've heard about building consumer apps. For [music] the next two weeks, don't touch the product. Don't touch it at all. Just spend the next two weeks focusing purely on distribution. Because if you focus two complete weeks on distribution and nothing happens, [music] then no one probably cares about your product. You see, most founders obsess over whether to focus on product or distribution, but Julian's lived through both extremes. From mass DMing 200 people and getting his Twitter banned to running 40 UGC creators posting 400 videos per week to generating 150 million total views, he's done some crazy numbers. >> We went from 2K MR to like almost 15K MR within like a week or two. [music] And that video alone, I think we estimate made us like close to 20K or so. And when one video from a micro influencer made them $20,000, Julian thought he'd cracked the code. But when he tried to replicate it, something unexpected happened. The strategy that seemed like an infinite growth hack turns out to be far more complex than he thought. But that's what makes Julian's insights so valuable. He's super honest about what did and didn't work. So today, he's breaking down why their influencer strategy eventually failed, the saturation problem killing traditional UGC right now, and why consumers are starting to catch on to inauthentic content. This sort of traditional UGC strategy is a growth hack. [music] And hacks of any sort are temporary. Like they won't work forever. And that's because by nature, a growth hack exploits a gap in the market. And eventually those gaps end up getting filled. And we go deep on when short-term optimization makes sense versus long-term plays, why retention is 10 to 100 times harder to move than top of funnel, and his contrarian take on whether bootstrap founders can actually afford to focus on retention. But that's enough of me just telling you about it. Let's get into the meat. I'm your host, Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. For those who don't know, this interview is brought to you by Superwall, the all-in-one platform for paywall management and revenue analytics for your mobile apps. Let's get into it. To start out, tell me about Jungle. >> Yeah, so Jungle is an AI learning platform for students. It's kind of like a Quizlet with AI where you can upload anything you want to learn like a PDF, your lecture slides, a YouTube video, anything like that. And then we'll use that to generate practice questions of different sorts. Multiple choice questions, flashcards, open-ended questions of different difficulties. And it's also gified like Dualingo as you can kind of see like from the vibe of it. The whole idea is like how do we make effective active learning for students really easy and also really fun because it turns out that one of the biggest problems for students isn't always like learning efficacy or how effective their studying is. It's more so their motivation to show up every day and be consistent. And one of the most beautiful things about what we're doing is not just making learning effective with AI and learning science, but also making it really fun so that people can fall in love with learning as school originally do, but doesn't do a great job at. >> That's really cool. How much money is Jungle making right now? >> We are making around like 80 to 100K a month. >> How did you initially get started getting your first downloads and revenue? My co-founder David and I, we've been like obsessed with learning education and we had been doing like a lot of pivots previously, but when AI came into the picture, we're like, "Wow, this is like a huge opportunity to reimagine what uh learning and education could look like." And we were looking for an idea because we had pivoted like four or five times. Nothing was working. We had like 3 months of runway and we needed something that would work right now basically. And we saw this tweet someone put out that went viral where they basically said, "My dream AI product would be to take anything I'm learning and to generate flashc cards with it using AI." That tweet blew up and I commented saying we were building like something similar, which we were building something tangentially similar, but not the exact same thing. But basically, I got like over 200 downloads, over 50, 200 DMs, and basically just like a lot of interest in this. and it felt like the perfect opportunity for us to take advantage of in a space that we really cared about. And we basically got our first 100 users by DMing everyone that engaged with that tweet. So much to the point that my Twitter account got banned, which was really sad. From there on, like we had content creators pick it up and start creating videos about it. And then we posted our thing on AI tool directories, kind of like future tools, for example. And then finally getting to 10,000 plus ended up coming from influencer marketing. And we did influencer marketing as kind of like our growth strategy for quite some time. >> Yeah. It seems like you've done every stage of growth from mass DMing things that don't scale to everyone who likes to tweet all the way to like mass scale UGC programs. AI tool directory. Do you feel like that's still a big thing today? >> Probably not. I think I would still try to post the tool there, but my guess would be that they're probably oversaturated by now. Actually, like the more important sort of advice that I got when I first launched, my co-founder, David and I were very product oriented. He's kind of more designer, product thinker. I'm more of a technical person. And so marketing and growth wasn't really like a natural thing for us. It wasn't the thing we gravitated towards. One of our mentors told us that when we first launched, he was like, "Okay, great. You launch." Now, for the next two weeks, don't touch the product. Just spend the next two weeks focusing purely on distribution and nothing happens, then no one probably cares about your product and you should probably pivot. And for us, it was like there's a truth to that, but there was also a mindset shift that came with it. as a product person or as a technical person, you're always kind of like trying to think of like, oh, but there's this bug, there's this like thing we could add, this feature that we think would make a meaningful difference. And it's easy to get into this sort of like rat race. I think early on, you got to figure out a way to consistently get at least 30 to 100 people in the door per week. Ideally, a lot more, but at a minimum, like that amount, so that whenever you do release things or try different experiments out, you're able to at least get some sort of meaningful number of users trying it out to see if it actually works. >> So, after you took that advice and hey, let's just focus 2 weeks laser in on distribution, do you remember what the first kind of breakthrough moment was where you actually started to see some traction? Well, it was interesting the DMing hundreds of people to try the product. That was not the most effective way to grow, but it was a really effective way to get feedback because you're already opening a one-on-one like channel of communication. So, it's basically a lot easier for someone to share feedback through that versus if someone found your thing through TikTok. Like, there's not a direct channel of communication open. That was a really great way to get a lot of feedback early on, that one-on-one sort of marketing tactic. and then posting on the AI tool directories and having it get picked up by some influencers. There were some videos that started to go a little bit viral and that got a lot of people into the door just kind of gave us more validation on what we were building early on. So, was that almost like an early signal like you randomly posted on these directories hoping to get some users but then by chance people just influencers started mentioning you. Those posts did really well and then is that when you kind of realize like oh actually these posts by these influencers are doing well. maybe we should do influencer marketing. >> I think that was the natural sequence of thoughts where it's like, well, these people are organically making videos about us, but obviously that's limited in its [music] power and the number of people that would do it, especially after the newness factor of your app sort of dies down. I think also, by the way, the reason like influencers organically made videos is because it was like a pretty novel concept and cool idea at the time, like AI generated flashcards. Now, it feels like something that's very generic or not that exciting. So yeah, there's like a newness factor that makes it pretty interesting and fun. >> So then how did you do influencer marketing? Can you just walk through that strategy? >> Yeah, I mean we didn't really know what we were doing at the beginning or how it worked, but I think it was just basically finding influencers that were in our niche like the study space, study talk, and trying to get them to post videos. I think the like more advanced strategy that we ended up getting to after a couple iterations is target micro to mid-tier influencers like in the 5k to 100k followers range because the ROI and the CPMs at that time I think are a lot better versus like if you get really big influencers they're a lot more expensive. You know they don't always work out well so you're kind of gambling. But with the micro influencers it was like better guarantee that you would get a better ROI. The downside is that it's a lot more effort cuz you're reaching out to a lot more people. There's a lot in the process around, hey, try to do like a three or a multi- video deal in order to get like lower cost per video. And on top of that, like how do we best equip content and a sort of like plan to an influencer that sort of educates them on the pain points on viral hooks that have gone well, but also give them the creative freedom to express themselves. I think there was a a lot that we experimented with and finding the ideal balance between guiding and giving the best material possible to the influencers while also creating enough space for them to be creative and create things in the content style that best fits their own page. >> It seems like when you're working with micro influencers and you there's this concept of the brief, like you can't just have them make whatever video they want. You're kind of looking at good formats that have gone viral already within the niche. How did you actually think about that balance? I'm curious like what that strategy was between giving the influencer complete creative freedom versus saying here's actually how to make a video that'll convert to actual users. Yeah, there's a delicate balance. I think we have more of a benefit in that many of these influencers tend to be students themselves. So like they get it, they get the pain points, but at the same time they may not because they may know them, but they may not be consciously aware of them or how to talk about them. So, you want to provide like examples of videos that have performed really well or examples of viral hooks that they could potentially use. And of course, like give them feedback wherever feedback is warranted in order to to make it good. But it is hard cuz you have to train your own content intuition to know what works well. And this is a skill that neither my co-founder and I had. So I think like we have to sort of make content ourselves and really study content in order to develop good enough intuitions that would allow us to basically better guide and better vet the quality of any influencers we worked with. >> Yeah, I feel like it's actually like people like to over complicate it, but it's like anyone can literally make a TikTok. It's just your phone. You just record your face, talk to the camera, or just find a video that's doing well and just try to replicate it. But I remember this whole strategy has stuck in my mind for the past few years of knowing you guys. This is one of the first times that my mind was completely blown of like you can do micro influencer marketing and hit some big numbers with consumer apps. Was this like the first breakout video, would you say? >> Yeah, this um influencer uh Agogo, she's amazing. She makes really good content. She's in medical school, which is like in her niche of like the biggest power user. [music] And the quality of content she makes is just incredible. She like perfectly touched on the pain points in these videos, like had really good storytelling narrative, showed the product in a really compelling way. And yeah, she had maybe like three videos that got over a million views, this being one of them. It was insane. The first time we ever went like 10x viral was from one of her videos. It was pretty nuts. I can't remember exactly, but we went from 2K MR to like almost 15K MR within like a week or two. And that video alone, I think we estimate made us like close to 20K or so. So, you know, we feel like we won the lottery. I'll never forget that first viral moment. It was pretty surreal. >> Now, you have the winning lottery numbers, right? Cuz you're the one who kind of like strategized to make this video. Well, you know, you outsource the creativity a little bit to the creator, but you now have the data of like this type of video just made us 20k in revenue. So, are you then able to put in those same lottery numbers over and over and just kind of repeat the strategy or is there some more nuance there? >> Well, that was the big question. Like, great, we hit a home run. Can we do it again? And can we create a repeatable strategy around this? That was the big question at the time. And we were able to get a couple other like viral videos specifically from this creator, Agogo. But after some time like we weren't able to replicate it and we weren't able to like get similar success with other creators. We tried very hard. Maybe we just didn't know what the we were doing or we took the wrong approach. After some time like we were burning more money than we were making on these influencer videos. You know, we have to switch our approach. Is there anything you would have done differently if you knew that repeating the same influencer strategy wouldn't work the way that you wanted it to? >> I think one thing we didn't try as much is like minimum view clauses, right? That would have mitigated the risk. And I think overall, I feel like we could have done a much better job of seeing what worked or analyzing what worked and replicating that in a more strategic way. I don't know if it would have come from like just better briefs or better guidance, but there's definitely a lot of things that we didn't try, but it it felt expensive to keep on trying influencer marketing. >> So, the influencers were making some money and some downloads, but just not enough to justify the cost. >> Yeah, it definitely seemed like we were spending significantly more money than we were getting back. >> So, this was like 15k MR at this point when you just initially started a few videos within like a week or two. Now you're at, you know, 80, 100K a month. How did you get from 20K to where you are now? >> It's like product, right? Building a really good product, trying to improve retention as much as we can, increasing sharability and unlocking viral growth loops within the app. I still think there's a lot to do there, but we've done some things there. Yeah, around like 30 to 40% of all new users come from word of mouth. That's really important in terms of just like the virality of the app. And also that adds a force multiplier on all our distribution efforts. So product cloud growth I think it's super duper important and I think we've emphasized a good amount and also the like fun gamified element of the app I think is pretty big as well like jungle the whole brand narrative the storytelling the emotion that you provoke I think all of those things make a big difference >> you said 30 40% of new users come from word of mouth what do you feel like is the biggest lever that really moves that metric >> like one what's your magic what's the aha moment and then two what's your time to magic basically how long does does it take for a first-time user to experience the magic? And we've iterated and run hundreds of experiments on our landing page that you're showing here. And one of the most successful ones is basically being able to upload a document or a URL directly from the landing page. And you'll see here that this directly goes through the whole funnel of like generating questions. And our product experience for firsttime users is substantially different than it is for like second, third time users or basically anyone after that. We try to minimize and make it as simple as possible. Like we don't show you all these options of like what range of minutes or pages you want and rate for, what type of questions do you want, how many questions you want. These are all things you don't see in the first product experience because we want to keep it as simple as possible. We even have like a mini review here of like, hey, answer your first like seven questions. Like we make it really really like bite-sized so you can get through it, experience the core value and then we introduce the whole set of features after you complete like this first initial mini review. I think like just making sure you have really good magic and reducing the time to magic is one core thing and how good the app is. And then other than that, it's literally trying to make sharing as prominent as possible throughout the app. Oh, also the gamified element. You see this tree that's growing here as you're answering questions. One, that tree increase engagement by 70%. Basically, like the core engagement metric of answering a lot of questions, but it's also a really good growth hack. If you're in a library and you're studying on your computer and someone walks by you and sees this like tree growing, they're like, "Yo, what is that tree?" And it's sort of interesting growth loop in itself just through like the visual component. And this also speaks to one of the core benefits of targeting students, which is that students are in very close clusters with each other. Like they're at a university campus or high school campus or whatever it is. So they're likely to overlap and look at each other's screens. And so the visual component I think makes a big difference in word of mouth as well. That's underrated. How does it visually look on the screen? Not just to the user, but when people look at a screen, they're in the physical world and there might be other people looking at it. Another thing I'm noticing about this onboarding is you get the user to the the magic moment right away. It's like landing page to input your slides and then it immediately generates questions and you have an interactive demo. You can see the tree growing. You get the the answers wrong and it explains to you why you got it wrong. I hit the payw wall and then I said maybe later instead of signing off immediately. And then you go to when is the exam? So I'm like okay it's in 2 weeks. It's almost like the payw wall continues now. So like can you walk me through like how you thought about this part? >> Let's say that 50% of people complete like upload something and get to the checkpoint. All right. Well, if you show a payw wall, that means that 50% of people that complete the mini review or do this first experience will see the payw wall. Versus if you only show the payw wall after the first time you generate and only like 25% of people get there, then you're basically missing out on a 25% chunk that never even saw the payw wall. So this is true for almost anything right like and that's why some people have very long onboarding. So one thing we also strategically do is like we split our onboarding into three main phases. So one is just like signing up at the beginning which is after you generated questions then we ask you to sign up. Here's like the second part which is choose what exam this is for if you said you're a student or turn on notification reminders. If you're on mobile which we have a mobile app then it'd be turn on push notifications there. And then if you were to go back to the home screen after like doing this review, then you will get your like final sort of onboarding. Here's an upsell as well if you want more questions. Here's also part of the onboarding which is like to select your little character. This is pretty cute. This is like a little jungle river and as you gain XP you move through the river and if you get to the end you level up and as you level up you unlock new trees and other rewards. At the end here you see like the key topics that were a part of this review and like how you performed on them. You can like keep studying, retry the ones you missed. And then this is like the third onboarding step basically. So how did you hear about us? This is how we know that like 30 to 40% of people come from friends. What's your weekly goal? you see that we've kind of like split on boarding to be at these different sort of steps to not overwhelm the user especially like if they haven't really meaningfully tried the whole thing yet. >> Going back to that question, you tried some product things, you tried some growth things. Do you have any hot takes or any I guess just nuance takes cuz I feel like you see it all the time on people on Twitter, people fighting about distribution is more important than products or products more important than distribution. Do you have any takes on that? >> I have a lot and I'm still conflicted. So firstly, almost everyone knows this thing like first time founders focus on product, second time founders focus on distribution as if you're like stupid for focusing on product. My take is third- time founders realize that both are important, right? It's not one or the other. It's like both matter. But obviously when you're very early on, like focus is your most important thing. But I do think you get to a certain point in the company like where we're at, you have to do both to an extent. But you can say like, "Oh, I'm going to focus 80% of my efforts on distribution and 20% on product or vice versa." But I think you got to do both eventually. >> One thing you said that really stuck out to me was when you have retention, you have more chances at monetization. I feel like for some people it's kind of a foreign concept because it's just the hard payw wall meta where it's like you acquire the user, you hard payw wall. If they don't pay then it's just it's over. You acquire a new user. In your guys' case, you acquire the user, you have a premium experience. You still show the payw wall pretty early in the onboarding, but you still allow the user to use the product for free and continue to add value with retention and eventually you convert those users later. Like you said, it requires a little bit more patience, a little bit more capital maybe to design the product in that way. Uh, do you feel like venture-backed companies are the only ones that are able to do this style of product where it's like premium or do you think that bootstrap founders are still able to really focus on retention and not hard payw walling? I think bootstrap founders can 100% focus on like the retentive product approach, but it's harder to like emphasize that if you are not cash flow positive. Like if you feel like you're in survival mode or you don't have that much money, then you're gonna like feel the need to be like, "Hey, how do we make the most amount of money like right now?" And usually that's going to lead you to distribution. The way to make the most money right now or to grow the most right now is not retention. Retention is a long-term play. And not only because you don't really see the benefits of good retention until like a little further down the line, but also because it's literally the hardest metric to move. Let's go to UGC. So, where we left off is you started doing influencer marketing. You maybe got lucky, maybe didn't, but it went very well, but it didn't quite scale. And now you're at 2, three, four times the revenue that you were at. Yeah. Break down your UGC strategy. Essentially, the core idea behind UGC is you get creators. These are usually people without as much experience. You can get very experienced one as well. just depends on your strategy whether you want to go for very high quality creators or kind of like people that are newer to it. They create their own separate accounts and we basically have them post like 10 to 12 videos a week. Very high content throughput at like 30 creators. That means we're getting like close to 400 videos per week. So very high content throughput. And the whole idea is that these people pose as students that like discovered this amazing tool jungle and are kind of like wanting to share the alpha in an organic way. The whole idea is that you feel like you're discovering this tool from this person that's being very generous about sharing about it or talking about it. There's a lot that we do internally to train the creators, get them to do well, give them feedback on videos, and so yeah, that's been something we've been developing a lot. But that's the core of the idea. And it works well for the most part. Like we're able to get basically like around $2 CPMs or so. That varies a little bit up and down, but it's pretty good and way better than influencer marketing. It's hard to know for sure, but it does feel like profitable overall. But there is a dilemma here that I think is very interesting, and that is that this sort of traditional UGC strategy is a growth [music] hack. And hacks of any sort are temporary. like they won't work forever and that's because by nature a growth hack exploits a gap in the market and eventually those gaps end up getting filled but yeah I think like this UGC strategy is short-lived because the more it works the more people that do it and honestly right now like almost every brand is doing UGC this sort of UGC strategy so like the amount of content that's coming out is completely saturating the market I feel like or at least it's starting to just think about it if you're a consumer and you like going on Tik Tok to watch like study videos like study talk and now like every third or fifth video is like this thing that seems organic but is actually someone just trying to push a product you're like I don't know this doesn't feel authentic I don't think these people are actually promoting product and then if you actually go to one of their profiles you realize that all their videos are mentioning this same tool it's a very inauthentic thing in a way >> another thing I like to ask people is if you're just starting out or you have a product that's maybe around 10k MR and you're trying to scale, you know, you have some profitability, what's kind of like the first lever or the first thing that you should be really prioritizing? >> The race to the top is very nonlinear. It can take a while. It's very hard and many of our growth moments have come like almost unexpectedly after trying a lot of things and and getting there. So that's why I think experimentation is so important. I think your biggest skill set to build as a founder is the ability to figure anything out. Like we didn't really know growth and growth intimidated us, but we didn't give a we just strapped in and got our hands dirty and tinkered with different strategies until we found something that worked and then it stopped working and then we tried new things and now it works and now it's like not working as well and now we're going to try new things and it's an endless cycle. It's very hard but that's also what makes it really fun is the challenge behind it. >> Great advice. This is a great pod. >> Absolutely. Thank you for having me. It was fun to riff and see what the hell comes out of my mouth. >> That's awesome. All right, that was a good one. By the way, I'm the host, Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club, which is a private group for ad founders to talk to each other about the latest tactics. Median revenue of member is about a million ARR. Check it out. Check out Superwall, too. They're the best. And check out the other interviews on the Super Wall channel. See you in the next one.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## [28/28] This 23 Yr Old Genius Makes $1M/Year with No-Code Apps. Here's How
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpTXi8WxeM0
Duration: 48:07
Words: 10,456

Think about the classic trap that most app founders are stuck in. Build an app, ship it, and then hope people will download it. But Connor, the guy I talked to today, is doing something completely different. He's 23 years old. He's making over a million a year. And he's done it by completely flipping how app developers think about distribution. His main app payout is pulling in $45,000 a month. And almost all of that is coming from one place, influencers. But here's the thing, he [music] actually doesn't pay the influencers to make posts. Instead, he gives them equity and then builds the app specifically for their audience. >> You know, I built this app specifically around his audience. Like before we had an idea of what we're going to build, like I was like, okay, this is, you know, what his audience does like is looking for. I actually went through a list of like maybe five ideas of different apps and I made some like Figma mockups for them. I was like, which one of these do you think like resonates the most with your with your audience because I think these all have potential to convert off of it. >> Of course, this is the complete opposite of how most people approach influencer partnerships. You build the app first, then try to convince an influencer to promote it. Connor asks the influencer what their audience wants and then builds it. And because the influencer now has equity in the app, they actually care about making it succeed. And so the videos they make are getting high views and convert well. >> You're going to actually find that these influencers you're working with are very entrepreneurial, like they can be gritty and get stuff done. >> But here's the problem. How do you even reach these influencers in the first place? Most founders make the same mistake. They slide into DMs and it doesn't work. But Connor figured out something way better. >> There's absolutely no reason to to try to DM these larger creators. Like it was funny. I emailed them in maybe April. And just like a week ago, one of these influencers responded like, "Hey, like you know, just remembered about this email. Hopped on a call with them. Like I explained to them like, oh, this is, you know, this is your account. This isn't [music] what I think we could build." And they seemed super interested in it. So now like that's moving forward. So I would say email is much better. So now he's got the influencer, he's got the audience, he's got the equity deal, but how does he know which app idea will actually work? It seemed almost too good to be true how every launch seems to go so well. So I asked if he uses any kind of system, and his answer was surprisingly specific. >> I'd say like there is an app already out there that works for any influencer. A lot of these influencers are already getting brand deals from apps. So, in this episode, Connor breaks down everything from how to outreach to influencers to actually get responses, how to build an app that's designed for their audience, not the general market, and to the daily habits he started from zero all the way to his current 1 million err. Let's dive in. This is the Superall podcast, and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the Consumer Club Discord, and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of about a million dollars ARR. In my conversations with dozens of these founders every week, one thing I've noticed is most of them AB test their pay walls to increase their conversion rates and make more money. Now, most people know that one of the best ways to AB test payw walls is Superwwell. But one thing you might not know is Superwwell has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they actually put together a tool that takes 422 profitable paywall experiments and put those into a paywall experiment generator where you can upload a screenshot of your own payw wall and it'll give you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. All right, let's get into the pod. I guess first question, what app are you building and how much how much money does it make? >> So I've got right now four or five apps that I like am making money from. They're kind of all over the place. The one that I mostly like publicly talk about is the payout app. The rest of them I actually keep like pretty much uh private just because I have partners on those apps and they prefer to keep things private. You know, I was debating whether or not I should start talking about what they are exactly, but I think I'm trying to get a couple of them sold and once I sell them, then I'll talk more about them. Uh this main app is the payout app. Um the one that you can kind of see right there on that Twitter post that you've got pulled up. It's basically like a class action lawsuit discovery app. U there's like a couple of them out there. It's nothing too crazy unique. I'd say like the only thing that really differentiates my app from the other apps is that it's like very private. Um like all the information like we don't store any of it. We don't save any of it. I don't know if the other apps are doing that. I assume they are. Also, we have the ability to let people like mail in like their own forms if they're interested in that, which I think some people might be. >> Interesting. And how much does this make monthly? >> It's, you know, rapidly growing. And um I've just like these past couple days I've been setting up like a UGC campaign through Sideshift. Um shout out. And yeah, so that's starting up. But right now off of just influencers, it's doing around 45,000 a month. >> Wow. Just from influencers. So are you doing uh like Tik Tok and Instagram? >> Yeah, Tik Tok, Instagram, YouTube, Facebook. Um a lot of the times it'll be like cross posting these influencer posts. So, one of the influencers and like my partner for this app, um, his name's Casper and he has been driving like insane traffic to the app. I think he's driven probably around 35,000 clicks to the website, more honestly. And that's just clicks without like tracking any of our organic install volume from his videos alone. >> Interesting. So, that's like link in bio clicks. >> It'll be link in bio or uh the many chat integration like the drop a comment and we'll send you um some type thing. >> Yeah. surprisingly effective. >> Yeah, >> that is that's interesting because I feel like a lot of organic I think a lot of organic social marketing is very unttrackable and it's like hard to do attribution. But if you do many chat automations, are you able to see what percentage of your revenue is coming from many chat versus just regular like organic influencer marketing? Yeah, definitely everything that we do if there's the potential for a link that gets set up with the custom product page and the app store so we can get all the analytics on it. Um, it's like actually surprisingly even I would say uh between the many chat integration and like the people who see it and they go and download it organically. That was something I was surprised about. Like a lot of the times we'll see the numbers look very very similar uh for days that like posts go up for those integrations versus organic. Yeah, I I think you're one of the first people I've talked to that cross post to Facebook video. I mean, a lot of people talk about Instagram reels, Tik Tok, YouTube Shores. Those are like the big three, but then of course there's still Facebook video. And if you for some reason have the Facebook app still installed on your phone, if you go onto the video tab, there's a lot of views on those videos actually. Um, do you feel like it's an underpriced channel or do you just crossost there because why not? We cross post there, I guess, mostly because why not? But he uh like these these influencers do have followers on these platforms. Um it's kind of like a might as well. I don't think they're driving most of the revenue, but if the influencer has a Facebook account and now you can when you upload a reel on Instagram, you can have it post to all of your platforms like automatically. There's so there's no reason to like not post on Facebook. >> Interesting. I see. So, can we look at some of these Tik Toks? Yeah. Let me send you a link to one of the videos that he's made recently. >> Oh, is it true that I can make $1,000 from your lawsuit? Yeah. And some people can make up to $5,000 from it. Whoa. Do you know how I can apply for this, too? Fine. But you didn't hear this from me. First, you go to this app, find the Teimu lawsuit. There's a bunch of other ones on here, too. Click claim. See how long you have to file and if you need proof, then click get started. Fill out a simple form. And once the settlement ends, you'll get your payout from Teimu and any other company you applied for. Just comment claim and I'll send you the app. Hey Timu, is >> interesting. What types of influencers are you having um make these videos for you? >> So Casper is one of my friends. Um so I like am partnered with him on this app. He has this, if you look at his account, he has a very similar format that he does for a lot of his videos and he gets pretty good views on these videos here. So I'm not really I guess responsible for coming up with the formats. uh that's kind of his job. But as far as like the influencers that we're reaching out to for this specific product is like we're looking for influencers who make these kind of finance related, but I wouldn't consider it like a finance content. I don't really know exactly what to describe it, but it's like kind of like life hacky finance savings type influencers, >> right? Yeah, >> there's a handful of them. And because he's been in this like space for a bit making this type of content, he's like very familiar with a lot of these content creators. >> Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, it's like financial life hacks like Costco secret savings hack, Amazon Prime Day savings hack that's all about like how to save or make money or do side hustles. And then that video that we just watched got 288,000 views, which is um kind of in line with the views that he normally gets. So yeah, that's >> Yeah. And that's not the first video that he's posted. He's posted a good amount of them. Some of them, you know, got like 45,000 views, didn't perform super well. Yeah, I think that was the best one. Actually, that was the most recent one. There's also, you know, his YouTube channel. I know I know that video did really good on YouTube as well. >> I see. Yeah. So, you crossed the same stuff on YouTube shorts, Facebook, Tik Tok. Is there a specific channel that or is there a platform that outperforms usually or are they all around similar? Yeah, I'd see that is like Instagram is definitely performing better than Tik Tok. YouTube, I'd say it's about the same. Like I'm looking at that reel now on YouTube and it got 206,000 views. And I think that actually it's hard to tell because a lot of the YouTube u the call to action is not like through ManyHat. So, we can't really see how many clicks it's driving. But it did seem like the day that he uploaded it to YouTube, it performed or we had like a lot higher traffic for downloads. >> So in the video, he basically starts out with >> moment ends, you'll get your payout from Teimu and any other company you apply for. Just comment claim and I'll send you the app. >> So that's the many chat part where he says here this is what the app is. It's interesting because it's like it's not that hard because he he says the name of the app and shows it in the in the video and he shows you like downloading it from the app store. But then I guess people are just kind of lazy. [laughter] They just want to know like exactly what the name of the app or uh the link of it. So the call to action is just comment the word claim and I'll send you the app. And then there's 9,400 people who've commented. Uh or maybe it's like half that because he replies to all of comments as well. >> Um so it's like 4,000 people that are getting getting the link to the download and then in the beginning the video it's like a skit. >> No, that's one thing about his content style that definitely like was not very intuitive for me. It's like I see it as like it's relatively processed um you know as a script. It's not necessarily like comedy or surprising. It's a pretty straightforward ad if you ask me. And >> like while I don't resonate with that type of content, like clearly he's built like a successful, you know, influencer audience with it. So performs well on his channel. Oh, I was going to say, yeah, like I definitely think I've learned a lot about like the influencer space through working with Casper on this. It's something that I think like all these I see so many indie developers on like Twitter and whatever Reddit and all that talking about like launching these apps and building these apps and I definitely think that like these indie developers need to just start like spam DMing influencers. I reached out to Casper before I was friends with him and you know I had a mutual connection and he was like oh like I have this friend he's an influencer like you should talk to him. And I was like, "All right, sure." And you know, I built this app specifically around his audience. Before he was like, before we had an idea of what we were going to build, like I was like, "Okay, this is, you know, what his audience does like is looking for." I actually came went through a list of like maybe five ideas of different apps. And I made some like Figma mockups for them. I was like, "Which one of these do you think like resonates the most with with your audience because I think these all have potential to convert off of it." Um, and then eventually we narrowed in on one of them and we said, "All right, we're going to build this one." And I definitely think that's like what indie devs should be doing because there's so many influencers out there who are like trying to figure out how they can build something that has value rather than just doing brand deals. And I like this is super appealing to I think most influencers. >> Yeah. Do you know what his monetization was like before partnering with you on this app? Was he just doing like link in bio brand deals basically? >> Yeah, it' be like they'd pay him to post and they'd put the link in the bio and he would get maybe, you know, some amount for the post and like an affiliate commission. >> So, a little bit revshare affiliate, a little bit of um brand deals. But I've noticed that theme as well, like a lot of influencers are pretty unmon like undermonetized um or they're making like decent money, but it feels like a hamster wheel because it's not stable. And a lot of people, I think in the dev world, don't quite understand that psychology because as a dev, you're usually like working at a company and you have a stable income and you actually want the opposite. You want the freedom. But on the other side, as a creator, you have the freedom, but you also have to like eat what you kill. You can't you don't just get money for doing your work. Like you have to chase after these brand deals, negotiate all the time, and it's not consistent. So, it's actually a great value proposition to influencers to reach out to them and propose like an equity deal. Do you partner with different influencers for each app that you do and have equity partnerships with with different influencers for each app? >> Yeah, right now I'm like in the process of um building out more apps with influencers. Um and yeah, like different influencers depending on their size and how complicated the app is, like I'll have different kind of structures for that. But yeah, like every app that I've built basically is like I'm working with a different partner on that app. >> That's a really interesting approach. I feel like a lot of people struggle with the very first step of just reaching out to influencers and figuring out how to get noticed cuz if they have, you know, 2.7 million followers, they probably get a lot of inbound. So, how do you think that you uh stood out when you initially reached out to Casper? cuz uh you said that you kind of created a bunch of Figma mockups and asked like, "Hey, which ones do you think you would want to do?" Is is there anything else that you feel like made you stand out and then like how did that conversation go? >> Yeah, so for Casper, we had a mutual connection. So, I didn't actually build out those Figma mockups uh until we had already had like our first kind of FaceTime call. I think it was on FaceTime. And but for these other influencers that I've reached out to, like I'd say if you can find an email address, that's easily the best. Um if they don't have an agency and they're managing their own emails, I think I've seen like much better response rates from those people. Um like recently, like it was funny, I emailed them in maybe April and just like a week ago, one of these influencers responded like, "Hey, like you know, just remembered about this email." Hopped on a call with them. Like I explained to them like, "Oh, this is, you know, this is your account. This isn't what I think we could build." And they seemed super interested in it. So now like that's moving forward. So I would say email is much better. Like there's no reason to message these guys. They have notifications off. They get like a million notifications a month. There's absolutely no reason to to try to DM these larger creators. >> Most of these viral organic strategies come back to finding and tweaking formats that are already working. And it's not that hard to find viral Tik Toks. You can just scroll the for you page. But it is hard to find viral Tik Toks that actually promote apps in a subtle way. So a consumer club member actually built a tool that does that. It's called spy talk. Basically brain rot scrolls Tik Tok for you and then finds Tik Toks in your niche that promote apps. Let me show you here. Spy talk found this viral outlier slideshow in the love and relationships niche that promotes the lovers widget. So, it shows you the exact slides, the engagement metrics, the AI tags that describe what kind of video it is, and then you can bookmark and save them for inspiration. Yes, this is a sponsored segment. I partnered with Spy Talk to bring this tool to the Consumer Club and the Superwall audiences. It's used by top consumer app teams like AMO, Voodoo, 11 Labs to fuel the creative research for their organic social growth. This isn't one of those tools that promises you'll generate thousands of videos with zero effort and just go viral overnight, but in my opinion, creative research is the bedrock of all organic growth strategy. So, I actually highly recommend spytalk.com. >> Okay. So, look for the email address and especially if it's a unmanaged influencer that has like a Gmail or like a personal company >> uh rather than a management company. Also on YouTube, if they have YouTube as well as Instagram or Facebook or whatever you're reaching out on, on YouTube, you can usually find their email address. Um, like in this case, you're looking at Casper, he has like a partnerships email address there. But if you can't find it on their Instagram, a lot of the times it will be like part of their YouTube um somewhere in there. Yeah, if you see like that view email address, you have to do this little capture and um you'll actually be able to see like what their email is. Uh >> in this case, he already had it. somewhere else. But that's like a big a big trick to try to find that email. >> That's really good cuz like this also like this this reward this is a little bit alpha because it rewards uh the manual reach out because of the capture you there there's probably fewer bots crawling all over YouTube trying to find email addresses and spam. So if you can just manually find a creator and then just do the little caption and then find the email, that's actually a pretty good underrated channel probably to find creators. >> Yeah. And I think like it's one of those things that like it's a going to be a volume game. Like you're going to reach out to a bunch of people and not everyone's going to respond, but it is one of those things that is if you partner with the creator, you're you're pretty much instantly going to win. Um I have another friend who recently launched an app called Ride Pal and it's doing super great. you know, I think he launched with an influencer, um, an Instagram influencer, and even on their first day, I think they had like I don't remember exactly how many downloads, but it was like over 10,000 downloads, I'm pretty sure. And they, last I checked, had like tens of thousands of active users on this app. And a large portion of their downloads coming from these influencers that they partner with before they even launch the app and building some sort of equity deal with them because it's just the fastest way to to get off the ground. Yeah, it's like such a great win-win. And I feel like this like shift in mindset from hey, I want to build a startup to I want to build a business like enables this business model because I feel like a lot of the old advice that people would give in the startup industry is like, oh, don't give equity to an influencer because eventually you're going to outgrow them and you want to scale to, you know, billions uh in valuation. But for these apps, you're not you're not really trying to go for a unicorn. You're just making a useful app that solves a problem and it's completely reasonable to partner in an equity way with influencers. >> Yeah. And another thing is if these influencers have audiences like I don't if you want to scroll um probably down uh or maybe up, I don't know. Yeah. You'll see this guy here that has driving some good views. Yeah. one one MTB, you know, he has a decent channel and like to get to, you know, 100,000 followers on Instagram, like you have to be an intelligent person. Like you're not just going to st I mean there's going to be the occasional person who stumbles upon random luck, but like you're going to actually find that these influencers you're working with are very entrepreneurial. Like they can be gritty and get stuff done. Like I definitely don't see it as like one of those things where it's like, oh, like I'm just giving this equity away, whatever. It's like no, this is like a partner and like they're going to contribute and be like valuable. It's not like you're just losing it to the void by any means, >> right? That's interesting. How do you stand out as the dev side? So, if you're the one that's vibe coding apps or just, you know, developing the app, like from their perspective, from the influencers perspective, it sounds cool, but I I get a feeling that there's going to be more devs that want to partner with creators um now and in the future. I I feel like we're still very early to it because the sentiment is generally not quite there yet. But are you afraid that other devs are reaching out or are you just does it just not matter? You just like >> There are a lot of influencers out there. I'd say if you want to stand out as a dev now it's easier for me, right? Because I have some sort of track record. If I reach out to an influencer and I say like, "Hey, this is an influencer I built an app with recently, like here's some numbers." They're going to be like, "Wow, I want those numbers." So, it's easier as you build out that portfolio and it just compounds eventually. Like, it takes time. Like, you have to build some apps, you know, maybe by yourself. Like, I built apps before doing this influencer strategy. You know, it took a couple years to get to an app that was like able to support myself and like continue doing that. And having a portfolio of apps like that you can show like even if they're not making that much money, you can like there will definitely be influencers who just are interested in having an app because like who doesn't want an app? anyone who has a phone, like they use apps. Like it's it's just cool to have an app. So, >> um >> yeah, >> I think make sure you're not like timid about it too. Like you have to you want to be confident like you're going to build them a good app. Yeah. >> You know, I wouldn't go into it being like oh like it might do well. It's like no like >> you you know it's going to do well and go with that attitude, >> right? I think a lot of that confidence comes from a very structured, thoughtful ideation process. Um because if you just go in with a random app idea that you don't really know is going to work, then you're not going to be able to actually be confident. But if you go in with, hey, I actually know this market. I can see the audience that this person has and I think that this product would mesh really well with this audience. Um you're going to, you know, be able to credibly like be a lot more confident. So, do you have an ideation framework or how how to think about app ideas that match well with influencers? >> I'd say like there is an app already out there that works for any influencer. A lot of these influencers are already getting brand deals from apps. So, I would say like you could ask them what apps are reaching out to you. That's pretty basic one. They'll probably say these are the apps and be like let's build one of those. Another thing is you can you know go look at you know in that category. So, like when I was looking around for the payout app, I was looking around on the app store. I was like, "Okay, what's doing well?" I was looking around on Tik Tok and I was like, "What kind of trends am I seeing on Tik Tok?" And then from there, I'll come up with maybe, you know, a handful of different apps. I'm like, "Oh, like another app that I was debating building was like um kind of daily there's like a lot of these daily quote widget type apps out there." Um, and I was thinking like it would be interesting if there was like something like that for like financial advice, you know, like I know a lot of people they like subscribe to that kind of content on on YouTube, Instagram where it's like, oh, like here's like some Roth IRA savings thing. And then it could be like, oh, like little daily things that's like, oh, here's a way you can prepare for your future, something like that. So, there's a bunch of different random kind of concepts that I would come up with for like, you know, saving money for this instance. And uh I just picked one of them that I thought was trending well and I was like, "Oh, I can we can do this." >> Interesting. So, you look at trends that are on Tik Tok to kind of get a sense for what people are talking about in the market and you could probably create an app idea out of that and then you also just look at what's on the app store making money already because you know it's validated already. You don't need to come up with a brand new app idea. >> Yeah, I'd say if you're trying to build, you know, some billion dollar app like Strava or something like that, like you're going to need your own idea. But if your goal is to make something that will give you the ability to do whatever you want, like you know, not have to have a job, um, you don't have to invent anything new, like you can see what's out there and make your own like combination of different apps and stuff like that. >> Were you coding before this? Um, like are you a developer? >> Yeah, so I went to school for computer science. I had built all my previous apps like in Swift just like pre-AI like just me Stack Overflow and way too much time. So yeah, I'm definitely not like uh completely reliant on AI to code. Um but these days I actually do like no coding at all. It's actually kind of like slightly frustrating because I'm like getting I'm like, "Okay, you know what? Like I'm going to try to build something in a new language I've never used before." Like right now I'm building a a workout kind of app. It's like a calisthetics bodyweight workout app. One of my friends convinced me to try to use Swift UI and there's so many problems with Swift UI. And you could say like, oh, like I don't know what I'm doing. And that's definitely true. But also, even as I dig into it, I'm like, oh, like I feel like I'm so dependent on AI. So there'll be like this tiny little thing. I'm like, oh, like I know exactly how I do this in UI kit. And then I have to try to still guesswork my way to that. Um, yeah, bunch of random little things I could think of that are specific, but um, >> yeah. >> So, yeah, I guess that's a long answer to the question. Like, yes, I've spent a lot of time like coding. >> Yeah. What's your vibe coding stack now for building apps? >> Right now, I'm like right on the fence of whether I like Claude code or cursor more. So, a lot of the times like I kind of just arbitrarily choose one that I want to use, but it's mostly cursor. That's really it. Cursor, >> cursor. And then are you making these apps in React Native then? >> Depends on the app. So for the payout app that was built in React Native, the app I'm working on now is built in Swift UI and a lot of my previous apps have been built uh in UI kit. >> Do you have opinions going forward on what languages to use for building these apps or you is does it just depend on what app it is? I prefer Swift because I think it just feels very high quality. Like the apps that you output, like they they've done a really good job building these frameworks that everything is just very reactive and smooth. I know you can do it in React Native, but I think that would take a lot of time to dive into. And I've seen that pretty much at maximum 15% of our revenue will come from Android, which you could say is pretty good. I would say I'd rather I'd still rather do it in Swift honestly and build it just for iOS. Um so yeah, these days my goal is going to be to build them all in Swift. >> No, I like that. Yeah. And then it keeps it high quality like super iOS Apple native. >> And to elaborate on that, I definitely think it's based on the complexity of the app. If I'm building like a very simple app, like this app is relatively simple. I like built it in around two weeks. And I think if that's the case, sure, I'll do it in React Native. Why not? If I know it's going to be a pretty iterative process and I'm going to spend a lot of time building it, then I'm definitely going to build it in a language I'm more familiar with. >> So, now that you've partnered with a few apps, uh, sorry, with a few influencers to build apps in different niches, do you feel like you have a little more leverage to own 100% of the apps that you build in the future and start paying influencers instead of partnering with equity? Um, I'd say my take is if you have the capital to pay the influencers, it makes most sense to do that. Like going forward, I likely will be not partnering with influencers anymore just because I have a couple apps now that are doing enough revenue that I can pay influencers rather than partnering with them. Especially like I'm I'm thinking I'm going to go and build like a full app studio and like hire, you know, engineers and distribution people uh in the next like year or so. So, I would definitely would not be like really partnering with any influencers for specific apps. Now, if there's like an influencer that is also really good at distribution and like managing these UGC campaigns and stuff like that, that's like a completely different story. But, um just like for an influencer for the sake of them driving sales through just their account like uh I think once you get to a point where you have enough like capital, then you might as well just pay them. >> And like how much would you pay them at that point? >> Depends on the influencer. um they might have somewhere between 500,000 to like 1 million followers and we're paying somewhere around like $1,500 for that >> per video. >> Yeah, we are getting like a good rate because um you know my partner has like some connections. So I would say like I'd be willing probably to spend like a couple thousand dollars on that. Um, and I know some other people that are doing influencer campaigns for other apps, and you know, some of them are spending like four or $5,000 on these influencers that have 2, three million followers. So, you don't want to go into it and spend like a couple thousand dollar on an influencer that like doesn't convert in your like niche that you're trying to sell your product in. So, >> that makes sense. How do you figure out like how the conversions are? Are you just asking the influencer like, "Hey, I saw you did this brand deal. Did to did ROI? >> Yeah. Like you can ask how much that is. A lot of it like for me is like my own I guess sense of like looking at the video. I mean like this is a good video. Like if you uh you know like this guy like you can see his content it's like high quality and the way he integrates the videos the the app into the videos is like very seamless. Um and he has like a dedicated like a very deep audience. Like they they like him for who he is and they like him for his content. It's not just like very shallow audience which I think is like super valuable if you can find an influencer where like you know the people are like asking them about their family and their wedding date and all sorts of stuff like that like you know that this person is going to be able to convert you know >> right and you determine that by looking at the like the comment section on their defin videos. >> Yeah. Like you'll see like these people are are they commenting just like wow amazing or are they commenting like kind of more high quality comments >> like this is a good one like this he's like oh mountain biking hack hacks in 2025 and he just show shows a bunch of hacks and then the top comment is uh or one of the top comments is like do square wheels. It's like they're they're kind of like interacting and telling him like, "Oh, I want to see this type of content." Implying that like they're, you know, they they actually want to see more of his content and they're like kind of a dedicated viewer, not just like random people. Uh shows up on the few for you page. That's a good way to yeah to assess. But I feel like a lot of times when it comes time to actually promoting a brand, their video that they create for the brand deal usually will get fewer views than their normal videos. Do you basically just combat that with many chat and like do the engagement hack or are you are you trying to like uh or do you kind of like price that in for you know they're normally doing 100k views uh but if we do a brand deal they'll probably get like you know half that amount. Is there like a yeah process? >> I would I definitely don't expect my videos to perform as well as their normal videos because I typically go for a more like hard integration. like I'm not I don't want them to just subtly mention it. Like I I want them to make sure they're like really selling it. So yeah, I would expect the videos to get less views. But one thing that's nice again about partnering with these content creators and like maybe you you know have they have less of a a stake in the app if you don't really care about them being more than just an influencer. But then you don't really have to worry about any of that. You can kind of just be like, you know what, post as much as you want. Like you know, here's my my expectations of how much you should be posting. But it becomes a lot simpler when you know that you're both in it together. >> That's really true. I feel like like we're it feels like we're kind of debating between oh equity or versus non-equity in terms of just purely the business model and hey is there ROI? But what people are not really thinking about is the the business model changes just the human dynamic of the >> Oh, definitely. like if they're if they have equity, they're going to be more motivated and the videos will do will do better. >> Yeah, 100%. >> Yeah. I want to talk about this video for a second. So, in this video, it looks like he goes um >> stranded on my mountain bike and it led to a million dollar idea. It was my first time riding a trail, but it was getting dark fast and I had no clue where to go. So, I checked out Trail Forks to find a map, but got stuck on the signup screen because the app was so outdated. That's when it hit me. What if I just made a better ride tracking app for mountain bikers? As soon as I got home, I called up some friends and they said, "We're in it. Not only can you find and track trails, but you can compete with riders from all across the glo." >> Yeah. So, he started with like a very long intro like storytelling explaining the problem space and then goes into like the actual features of the app. >> Yeah. It's a really good hybrid of like strong hook um kind of like comparing your app to another app while mixing in like the founder story. He's like, "You know what? like I built this like this is my thing. So >> yeah, >> I think he this was a really good uh video. Um >> yeah, >> very impressed. Okay. One thing that yeah, like the business savvy thing is I also feel like that's a relatively new concept in the like creator influencer world because originally when Instagram came out and there were influencers, most people thought of influencers as people that do like basically beauty products and get ready with me and like dancing videos. And yeah, those people are not they're not the the type of people that are like grinding to like build a business. They're they're kind of just like sharing their lifestyle and making some money from it from brand deals here and there. Versus this type of creator, this guy, you know, he has 100k followers, but the followers are very niche. They're about, you know, about mountain biking, which is like and he's providing like expert almost like expertise content or like expert content within this niche. So, are there niches, like obviously this is a very good niche, are there niches that you gravitate towards or niches that you avoid when you're thinking about partnering with um like expert creators like this? >> Yeah, that's a good question. And I'd say like even when I'm building apps myself right now, like it's kind of an optimization problem where the larger app you build, there's going to be larger competitors is one thing. And there's going to be more people bidding for those eyeballs. Like if you were trying to compete with, you know, in a beauty fashion, there's a lot more people. So that's like the balancing factor. It's like a lot more people, but you're also competing with Kim Kardashian and all sorts of people that are, you know, have these massive followings and lots of money to spend on their uh user acquisition. So, I found like there's a good and if you go too deep uh and you pick something that's like, you know, an app that teaches dogs how to do handstands or something like you're never going to find anyone that's going to pay for your app. But there is a good middle ground. And I tend to think of it like, okay, you got super broad, super niche. I go like right in the middle and then I go like slightly more niche. And that's where I where I kind of try to build apps right now. Especially because my goal is to make apps that are somewhere between, you know, 30 to maybe a couple hundred,000 of revenue a month. That's like kind of my goal for the apps I'm building right now. Um, I'm not trying to build something that's going to make $10 million a month right now because I want to kind of train my skills a little bit more, learn more about the industry. While I do think like, you know, maybe it's possible I could do it, it's just uh it'd be nice to have like the capital and like the confidence to to build that. And also like as I've built more apps that are like kind of slowly scaling up, like I've met more people, I'm like, "Wow, this would be someone I would like absolutely love to partner with on like a larger project." And then I build like a slightly larger project. And in the process, I meet someone else. I'm like, "Wow, this person would be super cool to build a project with, too." and then next thing you know like I'm operating with like all these people who are like you know in the top 1% of their field and it's like I would love to work with any of these people on any of these projects. Um which I think is super cool. Yeah, I'd say like especially for people who are trying to start out trying to build an app. If you're trying to look for an influencer, like find something that's kind of niche, like uh you know, like this uh guy Justin has a hundred followers on 100 thousand followers on Instagram. Like as far as the creator scale goes, like he's still a small creator. Like he's there's creators out there with, you know, probably 100 million followers on Instagram. But you can see like he's still able to drive tens of thousands of downloads. Like that's going to be more than enough users for most people to be able to have an app that they consider successful in their eyes. Um, you know, maybe like Disney is not going to reach out to this guy instead of building an app because like they're building massive things. But yeah, >> that's a good like entrepreneurship framework in general, too, because I I feel like a lot of people start out with, okay, what do people want? Like build something that people want and but that's just too broad of a of a question. It's like you need to figure out, okay, what do people want that also has the level of execution risk that matches with my experience? So, if you've never built a $30,000 a month business before, then why are you trying to build a $500,000 a month business that has like a ton of competition from all these like big players that have a lot of leverage already? >> Yeah, that's definitely something that I like see a lot of um like being in San Francisco, like there's so many people that are trying to build these massive companies. They go through Y Combinator and they're raising all this money and we're going to build a10 billion dollar unicorn. And I think it's kind of funny because these people are like maybe they dropped out of college, maybe they're like just finished high school. Like they have not done they have no reason to believe they should do this besides confidence. And like that can get you really far. Um but I think like they would be so much more successful if they started off bootstrapping. Um or maybe even just raising a small amount and building something that's like decent. You know, it's like you don't have to go straight from like zero experience to building like the next sales force. Like you might as well start off, spend like a year or two, build something that makes enough money that look, I never have to pay for food or rent or anything like that ever again. I learned all this about negotiating, about optimizing these funnels. Um, and then you can go and like build whatever you want because you have these connections. You have a lot of understanding. >> That sounds like a a great setup to me. like you you make some money. You never have to pay rent. You learned a bunch of stuff. Learned how to build funnels. You built connections with people that you respect. Who cares if you didn't build a billion [laughter] dollar company. Like maybe you can do it now. Like now that you've built this like really great business, that's cool. Like what what in your journey led you to that conclusion where you decided like, hey, I actually want to build a business that is around this ambition level. Like what's your like motivation? One thing that like is super uh I think I guess can like I consider unique about the way that I operate is like I think I operate like very much like I don't really plan things honestly like um I pretty much never use a calendar for anything ever. I don't have like deadlines that I set for myself. Um I basically wake up in the morning I'm like I'm just going to do what I think is the highest leverage thing. And there's a degree of like foresight like I'm not just like a lizard that can only think 30 minutes in the future. But um it's definitely a lot of like I'm going to figure out what the highest leverage thing is in this like shorter time window. Like if you ask me what I'm doing 2 weeks from now or where I'll be in two weeks from now, I have no clue. No idea. Like that's not I don't think that far ahead. Um so I'd say like I just see that that as the highest leverage thing. I wouldn't say like I planned out like okay I'm going to slowly upgrade my uh ambition levels for these companies. And I think it kind of just ended up that way based off of me deciding that was the highest leverage thing to do. Like when I first started building apps, it was purely out of just like I had an app idea for like some social event app that would um you know you could post a pin on the map and anyone could see that pin and like you know if you wanted to have a pickup basketball game you put it on the map and like anyone nearby could come join you for that pickup basketball game. And I built that app and then that, you know, I got to a point where I was like, "All right, I like this app, but I'm ready to start something new." And that first app got to maybe like a couple thousand a month. And then I built a second app and that got to like, you know, a couple 10 20,000 a month. And then, you know, slowly kind of just ended up that way rather than uh really planning it out. >> That's interesting. Like the um like the IRL map, like hang out with friends app. I feel like that's generally the first type of app that most entrepreneurs think of. It's like what do I like to do? I like to hang out with friends. Okay, >> what's a software that I can use to uh make that easier? Okay, I'll make an IRL like friend hangout app. But you actually make money with the classic one >> which is a little bit more. I feel like a lot of people those apps and then nobody downloads it. >> No, that one never made money. Uh that one's you know that that was my first app that was um much more of a learning project. >> Yeah. >> Uh but it gave me the confidence to build than my next app that was able to make money. >> Is that how you're thinking about this one too? I I was looking at your um app store profile and you you're this is the posture um yeah >> calisthenics app you're talking about. >> Oh no, this is a different one. Uh this is just a posture app. Um >> yeah, >> like targeted exclusively to posture. Uh, this app I honestly kind of built. Uh, but I immediately had another idea that I wanted to build right after and I didn't spend the time distributing this. It's done maybe somewhere around $45,000 in in revenue over the past couple months. So, it's not like completely dead. Um, but it is not as monetized as I think it should be. And I actually am talking with some influencers about like potentially making this app like curated for them. um like you know there's like these little guys in the pictures and whatnot. I was like, "You know what? Like, what if I find one of these influencers who has a couple million followers and I just say like, "Hey, I'm gonna replace every single one of these guys with a picture of you doing the exercise and we're going to make this like your app and you're going to drive your couple million eyeballs to this and like you'll get an app pretty much that's finished and I don't have to think about distribution for this cuz I don't really want to because I've, you know, this like I was saying with my like I was kind of leveling up like, oh, I did this app and then this app was bigger and this app was bigger." This one kind of just got caught in the middle of like an app that was bigger than this one right after and it's like well all right like I guess I'm just gonna like it's like maybe not as high leverage. But uh I really like this app. I think >> it's one of my favorite apps that I've built honestly. Uh I put a lot of time into like making his little random like >> quality features that like didn't really weren't super valuable but I it was fun to build. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's a that's another like good application of the framework that we already talked about which is like think about what is the highest leverage thing I can do right now and for this app like the highest leverage thing you could do if you had nothing else to do would be to reach out to tons of influencers find people who do posture videos find people who do fitness videos maybe partner with as an equity partnership with one of them and then pay the rest um and then evolve the app But because you don't want to do that and you have other ideas, like you don't want to just let it die. So, what's the highest leverage thing for this specifically is to just like give a bunch of equity to like one influencer and like let them handle everything and then you basically have to do nothing. Um >> Oh, yeah. >> Like let them promote. Yeah. And you're not going to get much revenue out of it as you could, but you're not just like, you know, letting it die. >> Yeah. Like I have two options here. here. It's like I let this sit here and make, you know, some revenue or like if I gave away I would be willing to give away like who knows like 60 70% of this app cuz I'm not going to do anything with it. And like maybe they're able to bring in $10,000 of revenue a month and it's like all right that's better than doing nothing with it. And it's like there's always a lot of these I think this is one thing that's like sunken cost where it's like people like oh but I built this app like I'm not going to sell it like I'll do something with it later. It's like no you're not you're not going to do something with it later. Maybe you are but probably not. So, just figure out something to do with it that's high leverage, move on to the next thing. Yeah. Like there's been people that I've reached out to and I see an app that I like on the app store cuz honestly the same way like people will scroll on Tik Tok, Instagram, like I try not to do that. Um the highest leverage they could do for this app that's been they haven't updated it in two years. They're not it's not making any money. It's like you should just sell it to me but they're not going to. Um because they have some sort of sunken cost like oh I spent a couple months building it. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Or maybe it's like an art piece to them. In that case totally justified. They like the app because they made it and they like how it looks. But um a lot of the times I think the best opportunity for those people should be like just figure out what the highest leverage thing to do is assuming you're going to go do something else. >> Yeah. Yeah, >> that's really good advice. Yeah. I feel like a lot of people have a almost like a hoarders mentality. I I get stuck in this myself. like people offer to buy this or that or like partner and I'm like and then you like the temptation is to maximize every single opportunity and then you negotiate too hard and then and then it just doesn't go through and then later you're like oh actually it probably would have been better to have a win instead of like zero like a small win is better than zero like sure you can try to optimize for the big win but you know if the opportunity isn't right in front of you like kind of just it's these these small wins can compound. Yeah, exactly. That's the that's the thing. It's like, okay, maybe for this app here, like if somebody offered me a couple thousand dollars for it, like I'd have to really think, okay, like a couple months, maybe I would make that. But if they offered me like, you know, $10,000 for this app, I would be like, you know what? Like, why not? I'll sell that. It would give me some more capital to spend on influencers for future projects. You know, maybe I get like a Twitter post that goes viral that's like, I just sold this app. You know, a lot of people maybe that turns into like me being able to connect with somebody that is, you know, someone I've been wanting to connect with. Who knows? And the alternative is like I just like you know potentially make that money over the next year. It's like who knows see if I can turn this into something that is worthwhile. So >> yeah I guess to to close out one thing you said is you scroll the app store to get inspiration. Are there any other habits or mindsets that you have dayto-day that you feel like give you good inspiration for ideas? One thing like like I was kind of mentioning before is like I like try to be as present as possible in any given moment and it's become a habit at this point. I don't have to like act and be like oh like I need to you know whatever. It's like I'm not meditating constantly. But I think that allows me to I'm like constantly thinking about the things I'm doing. Like I'm not thinking about things I need to do. I'm not thinking about things I did in the past. Like I'm just kind of like analyzing things and then when new problems come up I think I'm very aware of like this being a problem and then deciding like is this something that I think I am interested in solving. I guess one way to describe it is like keeping like your horizon that you're looking at like kind of vague and like hazy in the sense that like don't have your mind entirely set on what you're trying to do and like don't just like march forward blindly, but instead like if you can kind of pay more attention to what you're actually like doing in your like more local environment, then it has a lot of benefits that a lot of people don't think about. They're way too focused on what's what next year's goal is. Like think about like today's goal. Yeah. >> Thanks so much, Connor. This is a great This is a great talk. I learned a lot and it was great to hear your thoughts on stuff. >> Yeah. Thanks for having me on. This is fun. I always like talking about this kind of stuff. It's like one It's like my passion. So yeah, I love it. >> Yeah. Nice. Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So you can apply to join Consumer Club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwwell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwall.com. We have more videos on the channel. So dig into those to learn from app founders who are willing to share super tactical stuff about app growth.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
